b' we present the results of a ground - based imaging survey of the globular cluster ( gc ) systems of several giant galaxie
b' we investigate the bouchaud - mzard(bm ) model on a random network .  ⁇ n we assume adiabatic and independent assumptions on the stationary distribution function .  ⁇ n we derive the equations that determine the stationary distribution function in the non - wealth - condensate phase .  ⁇ n we compared our analytical results with those of the numerical simulation , and we found that our theory showed better agreement than did the mean - field theory .  ⁇ n we also found that the exponent of the power - law behavior is smaller than that obtained from the mean - field theory . '
b' we study the non - equilibrium random field ising model with a metastable dynamics in the thermodynamic limit .  ⁇ n we show that the hysteretic dynamics of the system is characterized by a series of jumps between neighboring metastable states .  ⁇ n we show that the avalanche properties of the system are remarkably similar to those of the single - spin - flip dynamics .  ⁇ 
b' we show that the geometry of maxwell s equations can be captured by the yee scheme , which is a variational and discrete differential method .  ⁇ n this is achieved by combining variational methods with discrete differential forms and operators .  ⁇ n we also show how to construct other variational methods that , as a result , share these same numerical properties , while at the same time applying to more general domains .  ⁇ n we also show how to construct other variational integrators that , as a result , share these same numerical properties , while at the same time applying to more general domains .  ⁇ 
b' we present a quantum field theory for the dynamics of a trapped atomic gas .  ⁇ 
b' we present a comprehensive study of the ground state and excited state features of monolayer to few - layer 2 flakes .  ⁇ n the spectra of the monolayer flake are characterized using optical contrast , atomic force microscopy and raman spectroscopy techniques .  ⁇ n we find that the ground state exciton is optically bright , which is opposite to the case of 2 monolayers .  ⁇ n we also derive the temperature activated energy shifts and linewidth broadenings of the ground state excitons from 1l to 3l thick flakes and explain them on the basis of standard formalisms used for conventional semiconductors . '
b' we study the adhesion of semi - ordered microsphere monolayers adhered to an aluminum - coated glass substrate , which contains both hexagonal close packed ( hcp ) and disordered domains , using a laser - induced spallation technique .  ⁇ n the particle - substrate adhesive force is estimated by monitoring the time - resolved displacements of the surface of a substrate without the microsphere monolayer via optical inteferometry , and applying a rigid - body model that accounts for the microsphere inertia .  ⁇ n scanning electron microscope images of the delaminated monolayer areas reveal a unique morphology wherein the monolayer has fractured into flakes that have partially reattached to the substrate and are composed of mostly single crystalline domains .  ⁇ n the estimated adhesive force is compared with estimations based on measurements of the out - of - plane contact resonance of the microspheres obtained using optical inteferometry . '
b' we study a semi - anonymous threshold game of complements on a random graph .  ⁇ 
b' we study the equilibrium momentum distribution of a mixture of fermionic atoms in a harmonic trap .  ⁇ n we show that the momentum distribution can be calculated explicitly , and that the momentum distribution can be directly accessed in experiments with ultracold atomic gases .  ⁇ 
b' we study the stewart - lyth inverse problem for power - law inflation .  ⁇ n we show that the stewart - lyth inverse problem is a powerful tool to determine the inflationary potential .  ⁇ 
b' we discuss the phase transitions between analytic and nonanalytic phases of full counting statistics .  ⁇ n we illustrate our discussion with several examples : the classical weather model and quantum systems of non - interacting fermions .  ⁇ n we use the results of our recent work to show the stability of the analytic phase for a wide class of non - interacting fermionic systems , even at finite temperature .  ⁇ n finally , we discuss a possible identification of the two phases in terms of cumulants and conjecture the general form of the asymptotic long - time behavior of the full counting statistics in the nonanalytic phase . '
b' we study the evolution of a scalar field in a scalar tensor theory .  ⁇ n we consider a scalar field which is non - minimally coupled with the gravity sector of the action .  ⁇ n we show that the evolution of the scalar field is governed by a tensorial equation of state .  ⁇ n we also show that the scalar field can be a scalar field with a tensorial nature .  ⁇ n we also show that the scalar field can be a scalar field with a tensorial nature .  ⁇ n we also show that the scalar field can be a scalar field with a tensorial nature .  ⁇ n we also show that the scalar field can be a scalar field with a tensorial nature .  ⁇ n we also show that the scalar field can be a scalar field with a tensorial nature .  ⁇ n we also show
b' we review the multiwavelength properties of galactic black hole binaries .  ⁇ n we focus on the multiwavelength properties of these systems , and discuss the physical connections between observations made at different wavelengths .  ⁇ n we also discuss the physical connection between observations made at different wavelengths . '
b' we present _  ⁇ n spitzer _ irac and mips spectra of the dwarf nova ip peg .  ⁇ 
b' the large area telescope ( lat ) on board the _ fermi _ gamma - ray space telescope is an optimal searcher for high - energy flares , transients and new gamma - ray sources , and is an unprecedented monitor of the variable @xmath0-ray sky .  ⁇ n this all - sky monitoring is complemented by the flare advocate ( a.k.a .  ⁇ n gamma - ray sky watcher ) duty , a scientific service belonging to the lat instrument science operations and devoted to quicklook inspection and daily review of the gamma - ray sky observed by _ fermi _ , performed with continuity for all the year through weekly shifts .  ⁇ n summaries about the sky surveyed and monitored by _ fermi _ lat , transients , flaring and new sources on six - hour and 1-day time intervals are communicated along with any relevant news to the external multiwavelength astrophysical community using the lat - mw mailing - list
b' we present exact analytical formulas for the inversion of the correlation functions of one - dimensional ising models with general multispin interactions .  ⁇ n our results provide a theoretical laboratory where different approximate thouless - anderson - palmer equations are used to solve the inverse ising problem .  ⁇ 
b' this paper proposes a novel compression method for deep neural networks ( dnns ) .  ⁇ n the compression method is based on multiple hash functions , which are used to store a single value in the compression space .  ⁇ n the compression is based on a _  ⁇ n  ⁇ n _  ⁇ n _  ⁇ n _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
b' we present the first results of an analysis of the publicly available macho light curves .  ⁇ n we have found that the sample is dominated by bright main - sequence detached and semi - detached binaries .  ⁇ n the majority of the sample shows a clear period - k diagram , while the majority of the sample shows a well - defined sequence of eclisping binaries between seqs .  ⁇ n e and d .  ⁇ n the widely accepted sequence of eclisping binaries between seqs .  ⁇ n c and d does not exist .  ⁇ n we have found that the widely accepted sequence of eclisping binaries between seqs .  ⁇ n c and d does not exist .  ⁇ n we have also discovered a significant fraction of the known binaries with apsidal motion . '
b' we discuss a universal version of the problem involving arbitrary preference intensities as well as incomplete and multiple comparisons .  ⁇ n we present an impossibility theorem : consistency requiring that if an object is ranked at least as high as another in two independent problems , then it is ranked as high as the other in the unified problem , too and self - consistency a less known but intuitive property , introduced in @xcite , which prohibits to assign a lower rank for an object with a better or equivalent performance than another in the unified problem .  ⁇ n domain restrictions and weakening of the properties are also investigated in order to get some positive results .  ⁇ n _ keywords _ : ranking , impossibility theorem , consistency , self - consistency , paired comparisons , bibliometrics . '
b' we study the complex conductivity and surface impedance of a superconductor containing both potential and magnetic impurities .  ⁇ n we show that the impurity band is a nontrivial function of frequency , and that the impurity band is a nontrivial function of frequency .  ⁇ n we also show that the impurity band is a nontrivial function of frequency .  ⁇ n we also show that the impurity band is a nontrivial function of frequency .  ⁇ n we also discuss the effect of magnetic impurities on the impedance . '
b' we suggest an alternative to a primordial quintessence field .  ⁇ n the model is based on a decaying dark matter ( ddm ) field with proper self interaction potential .  ⁇ n the ddm particles can decay to standard model particles .  ⁇ n the ddm particles can be a scalar field with proper self interaction potential .  ⁇ n the gradual condensation of this field at late time behaves like a quintessential matter .  ⁇ n the effect of the decay on the equation of state of the universe is the reduction of the effective @xmath0 of the cosmological constant or a quintessence matter .  ⁇ n the model is consistent with the publicly available super - novae ia data .  ⁇ n the model is also consistent with the snea data .  ⁇ n pacs numbers : 98.80.cq , 98.80.es , 98.80.cq '
b' we study the holonomic gate , a quantum logic gate that is intrinsically robust against classical noise .  ⁇ 
b' we present _ spitzer space telescope _ images and spectra of comets 2p / encke , a 3.3 yr period jupiter - family comet with a perihelion distance of @xmath0 au , known for an abundance of large dust particles and an extensive debris trail ; 67p / churyumov - gerasimenko , a jupiter - family comet and the primary target of the european space agency s _ rosetta _ spacecraft ; and c/2001 ht50 ( linear - neat ) , a long period , oort cloud comet .  ⁇ n we present _ spitzer space telescope _ images and spectra of comets 2p / encke , a 3.3 yr period , jupiter - family comet with a perihelion distance of @xmath1 au , known for an abundance of large dust particles and an extensive debris trail ; 67p /
b' we study the relationship between binary signatures and the amplitude of the fluctuations of the stock price .  ⁇ n we show that the binary signatures of stocks , which retain only the sign of the fluctuations , can reproduce the same complex community organization of financial markets , as the weighted information .  ⁇ n we also show that the binary signatures of stocks can reproduce the same complex community organization as the weighted information . '
b' we study the thermodynamic properties of a one - dimensional model of a single level in the vicinity of a fractional quantum hall edge , or , equivalently , a level attached to the end of a single luttinger liquid wire .  ⁇ n we show that the level density of states ( ldos ) is sensitive to luttinger liquid physics , even though its integral ( times the fermi function ) gives the level occupancy , which is universal in the above sense .  ⁇ n we also show that the ldos features power - law behavior near the fermi energy , and is independent of the level - lead and level - bath interactions .  ⁇ n this is in contrast to many other results derived using perturbative calculations . '
b' the growth morphology of a solid - on - solid growth process with pulsed laser deposition is investigated .  ⁇ n the model is based on a simple model of a solid - on - solid growth process .  ⁇ n the model is characterized by three parameters : the intensity of the pulses , the diffusion constant and the average flux density of freshly deposited adatoms .  ⁇ n the growth morphology of islands is investigated for different growth parameters .  ⁇ n it is found that the growth morphology of islands is a function of the intensity of the pulses .  ⁇ n the growth morphology of islands is a function of the intensity of the pulses .  ⁇ n the growth morphology of islands is a function of the intensity of the pulses .  ⁇ n the growth morphology of islands is a function of the intensity of the pulses .  ⁇ n the growth morphology of islands is a function of the intensity of the pulses .  ⁇ n the growth morphology of islands is a function of the intensity of the pulse
b' we revisit the vertical structure of radiation pressure - supported accretion disks by taking into account the local energy balance and the variation of energy .  ⁇ n we find that the vertical structure of radiation pressure - supported disks is quite different from the radial structure .  ⁇ 
b' linear regression is one of the most common statistical techniques used in astronomical data analysis .  ⁇ n it is important to correctly account for both measurement error and intrinsic scatter in linear regression .  ⁇ n in particular , when the independent variable is measured with error , the ordinary least squares estimate of the regression slope is biased toward zero .  ⁇ n in addition , when the independent variable is measured with error , the ordinary least squares estimate of the regression slope is biased toward zero .  ⁇ n i describe a bayesian method for handling measurement errors in astronomical data analysis .  ⁇ n the method starts by computing the likelihood function of the complete data , i.e. , the likelihood function of both the unobserved true values of the data and the measured values of the data .  ⁇ n the measured data likelihood is then found by integrating the likelihood function for the complete data over the unobserved true values .  ⁇ n this approach is known as  ⁇  structural equation modelling ' of measurement error problems , and has been studied from both a frequentist approach and a frequentist approach .  ⁇ n
b' we study the homotopy classification problem for elliptic operators on manifolds with corners .  ⁇ n we give a simple explicit formula for the classifying group in terms of atiyah s @xmath0-homology functor .  ⁇ n we also give a formula for the boundary map in the @xmath0-homology of symbol algebras . '
b' we present a comprehensive compilation of hot giant electric dipole resonance ( gdr ) parameters .  ⁇ n we give an overview over experimental techniques used for measuring gdr parameters , and we describe different ways of extracting gdr parameters from such experiments .  ⁇ n we also explain how different sets of gdr parameterizations from the original articles were brought onto a common footing . '
b' we present a summary of the data quality flags and vetoes used by the ligo scientific collaboration in the search for signals from the inspiral of compact binary systems .  ⁇ n we discuss the vetoes and vetoes that we have found to be useful with the s3 playground data .  ⁇ n we also describe specific vetoes which we are considering for implementation in the final search for inspiral signals in the s3 data . '
b' we present a systematic study of the performance of jet area - related methods in heavy - ion collisions .  ⁇ n we apply these methods to monte carlo simulations for rhic and the lhc .  ⁇ 
b' we study the collective motion of a trapped macroscopic ensemble of ultracold atoms in a high - finesse optical cavity .  ⁇ n we show that the optical force modifies the frequency and damping constant of the collective density excitations of the bose - einstein condensate and further show the occurrence of normal mode splitting due to mixing of the optical mode and the bogoliubov mode .  ⁇ n finally we demonstrate for the first time that the density excitations of the condensate can be used to reduce the quantum noise of the cavity field reflected by the bec .  ⁇ n the role of the two - body interaction on the dynamics of the coupled system is also explored . '
b' we study the formation of radio halos in galaxy clusters .  ⁇ n we adopt the formalism of hierarchical model and derive a distribution function of formation epochs .  ⁇ n we find that the formation epochs of radio halos are much longer than the cosmological time .  ⁇ 
b' i discuss two projects we have carried out with the multi - object spectrograph , hectospec , on the mmt .  ⁇ 
b' we present nicmos polarimetry of three polarized standard stars at three separate roll angles .  ⁇ n the nicmos polarization was measured at three separate roll angles .  ⁇ 
b' we present a critical analysis of the skyrme parameterization of the self - consistent mean - field theory of nuclear binding energies .  ⁇ n we show that the sensitive degrees of freedom in the skyrme energy functional are very similar to those of the liquid drop model , except for the spin - orbit interaction .  ⁇ n we also show how to use a more economical norm for the fit .  ⁇ n we apply this to the bethe - weizscker semiempirical mass formula .  ⁇ n we also discuss the use of the minimax method for evaluating the skyrme parameterization . '
b' in this paper , we introduce the framework of monte carlo hypothesis test .  ⁇ n the main idea is to generate a number of realizations under the null .  ⁇ n we then discuss some important concepts associated with the components that form the framework .  ⁇ n we will also discuss some important concepts associated with the components that form the framework .  ⁇ n we will also discuss some important concepts associated with the components that form the framework .  ⁇ n moreover , we will discuss some important concepts associated with the components that form the framework .  ⁇ n moreover , we will discuss some important concepts associated with the components that form the framework .  ⁇ n moreover , we will discuss some important concepts associated with the components that form the framework .  ⁇ n moreover , we will discuss some important concepts associated with the components that form the framework .  ⁇ n moreover , we will discuss some important concepts associated with the components that form the framework .  ⁇ n moreover , we will discuss some important concepts associated with the components that form the framework .  ⁇ n moreover , we will discuss some important concepts associated
b' we show that landauer s principle is a general principle for entanglement manipulations .  ⁇ n we then apply this principle to explain recent measures of entanglement , and link it to the principle of no increase of entanglement by local means .  ⁇ n we also discuss the implications of this work to other phenomena in quantum information theory and state other open problems raised by our investigations . '
b' we study the twirl operation , a quantum operation which converts an arbitrary mixed state of a two qubit system into a werner singlet .  ⁇ n we show that a set of random bilateral rotations can be used to average any other state , converting an arbitrary mixed state into a werner singlet .  ⁇ 
b' we study the properties of the hadronic states , i.e. , the states corresponding to the tetraquarks , hybrids , hadronic molecules , etc . , in the framework of the non - relativistic quark model .  ⁇ n we show that the qcd compositeness condition , which is based on the wave function renormalization constant @xmath0 , is a useful tool to distinguish between the loosely bound states and the tight qcd composites .  ⁇ n we also discuss the implications of our results for the qcd sum rules . '
b' we discuss an effect of modal losses on the generation of a schrdinger - cat state .  ⁇ n we show that the modal loss can be strongly correlated .  ⁇ n this implies that the modal losses can be strongly correlated .  ⁇ n we also show that coupling to correlated reservoirs can drastically change the dynamics of the state .  ⁇ n we demonstrate that coupling to correlated reservoirs can create an entanglement between states of initially unentangled modes even in absence of any direct interaction between them .  ⁇ n we also demonstrate that coupling to correlated reservoirs can be used to generate an entanglement between states of initially unentangled modes even in absence of any direct interaction between them . '
b' we investigate the persistency of nonlocality of @xmath0-qubit w states .  ⁇ n we show that the persistency of nonlocality of @xmath0-qubit w states is bounded from above and from below by the clauser - horne - shimony - holt inequality .  ⁇ 
b' we present a novel method for the detection of cervical cancer and its precursor based on laser induced fluorescence spectroscopy .  ⁇ n the method is based on a multivariate statistical algorithm ( msa ) based on principal component analysis ( pca ) .  ⁇ 
b' we present co interferometry of the inner @xmath0 kpc of the sloan digital sky survey ( sdss ) .  ⁇ 
b' we study the possibility of observing nonclassicality in a contradirectional asymmetric nonlinear optical coupler .  ⁇ n the nonclassicality of the field is studied using perturbative solution obtained by sen - mandal technique .  ⁇ n it is shown that the nonclassicality of the field can be controlled by controlling the interaction length and the coupling constants .  ⁇ n the nonclassicality of the field is found to be a function of the coupling constants @xmath0 and @xmath1 .  ⁇ n the nonclassicality of the field is found to be a function of @xmath0 and @xmath1 .  ⁇ n the nonclassicality of the field is found to be a function of @xmath0 and @xmath1 .  ⁇ n the nonclassicality of the field is found to be a function of @xmath0 and @xmath1 .  ⁇ n the nonclassicality of the field is found to be a function of @xmath0 and @xmath1
b' we present a systematic study of the oxygen incorporation and island formation in the mg(0001 ) surface oxidation process .  ⁇ n the oxygen incorporation process is modeled by first - principles calculations based on density functional theory .  ⁇ n the results are used to interpret high - quality x - ray photo - electron diffraction measurements for low oxygen doses .  ⁇ n the oxygen incorporation process is modeled by a three - stage model consisting of : ( 1 ) dissociative oxygen chemisorption at random sites followed by oxygen incorporation , ( 2 ) assembly of incorporated oxygen atoms into islands and lateral growth , ( 3 ) oxide thickening and transformation into a rocksalt structure , and ( 4 ) oxide thickening .  ⁇ n the results are compared with experimental data and with a theoretical model of oxygen incorporation .  ⁇ n the results are used to interpret high - quality x - ray photo - electron diffraction measurements for low o@xmath0 doses . '
b' we present a composite h@xmath0+n[ii]@xmath3658.4 nm image of the planetary nebula ngc6369 .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a series of deep , hst / pc images of the globular cluster m5 .  ⁇ n we find 29 variable stars , of which 29 are newly discovered .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new measurement of the orbital period derivative ( ) of the low mass x - ray binary ( lmxb ) system x1820@xmath0303 .  ⁇ 
b' we study the black hole solutions in the einstein - gauss - bonnet gravity in four dimensions .  ⁇ n we find that the black hole solutions in the einstein - frame degb gravity are asymptotically flat and anti - de sitter .  ⁇ n the black hole solutions in the degb gravity have both an asymptotically flat and anti - de sitter branches .  ⁇ 
b' we present a high spatial resolution ( @xmath0 m ) spectroscopic study of the red supergiant betelgeuse .  ⁇ 
b' the golf - ng instrument is a 15 points resonant scattering spectrophotometer observing in the blue and red wings of the d1 sodium line .  ⁇ n the objective is to reduce at maximum all the instrumental noise sources in order to increase the sensitivity to solar oscillations .  ⁇ n the golf - ng prototype has been observing the sun at the observatorio del teide ( tenerife ) for a 2008 summer campaign .  ⁇ n the analysis is currently underway and we present here the first preliminary results .  ⁇ n the daily evolution of the golf - ng instrument presents a high day - to - day stability in addition to the expected decreasing trend resulting from the lack of proper line profile corrections in the calibration process .  ⁇ n the daily evolution of the golf - ng instrument presents a high day - to - day stability in addition to the expected decreasing trend resulting from the lack of proper line profile corrections .  ⁇ n the daily evolution of the golf - ng instrument presents a high day - to - day
b' we present a general family of multi - agent justification logics .  ⁇ n we provide semantics and a general tableau procedure and then we make observations on the complexity of the derivation problem for its members .  ⁇ n in particular , we demonstrate that all logics in this family have their satisfiability problem in - under reasonable assumptions .  ⁇ n this is a somewhat surprising result , as all single - agent justification logics whose complexity is known have their satisfiability problem in the second level of the polynomial hierarchy .  ⁇ n this is a somewhat surprising result , as all single - agent justification logics whose complexity is known have their satisfiability problem in the second level of the polynomial hierarchy .  ⁇ n this is a somewhat surprising result , as all single - agent justification logics whose complexity is known have their satisfiability problem in the second level of the polynomial hierarchy . '
b' we point out that in a multi - field scenario , in which the inflationary potential is characterized by a global broken symmetry , the quantum fluctuations generated during the slow - roll stage of inflation can lead to curvature perturbations of the background metric through variations of the preheating efficiency .  ⁇ n we show that if the inflationary potential is such that the mass required to produce quantum fluctuations along the field trajectory is large , so that the latter result exponentially suppressed , then curvature perturbations can even represent the main source of perturbations to the background metric if the inflationary potential is such that the mass required to produce quantum fluctuations along the field trajectory is large , so that the latter result exponentially suppressed .  ⁇ n we also show that if the inflationary potential is such that the mass required to produce quantum fluctuations along the field trajectory is large , then curvature perturbations can even represent the main source of perturbations to the background metric if the inflationary potential is such that the mass required to produce quantum fluctuations along the field trajectory is large , so that the latter result exponentially suppressed
b' we present a novel method for obtaining the jastrow wavefunction , which is a pair - product ansatz for a strongly correlated many - body ground state .  ⁇ n the method is based on the parametrization of the scattering equation , and is based on the kato cusp condition .  ⁇ 
b' the celeste experiment has collected 40 heliostats data on the blazar mrk 501 .  ⁇ 
b' we study the motion of a tagged particle in a crowded environment .  ⁇ 
b' we study the decoupling limit of the dvali - gabadadze - porrati model , where the graviton carries five degrees of freedom , namely the usual helicity-2 modes , two helicity-1 modes and one helicity-0 mode .  ⁇ n we show that the decoupling limit is a generalization of the vainshtein mechanism to galileons .  ⁇ 
b' we have searched for time correlations between isolated primary cosmic ray events separated by @
b' we present a detailed analysis of the star formation history ( sfh ) of a sample of 92 nearby galaxies .  ⁇ n we use a combination of a spherical , elliptical , and a spherical spherical galaxy sample to derive a sfh of 0.025 gyr@xmath0 .  ⁇ n we find that sfhs of 0.025 gyr@xmath0 are consistent with the sfhs of 0.025 gyr@xmath0 .  ⁇ n we also find that sfhs of 0.025 gyr@xmath0 are consistent with the sfhs of 0.025 gyr@xmath0 .  ⁇ n we also find that sfhs of 0.025 gyr@xmath0 are consistent with the sfhs of 0.025 gyr@xmath0 .  ⁇ n we also find that s
b' we present a new , integrated code for the calculation of radio emission from cosmic ray air showers .  ⁇ n coreas is a mature code that has been tested thoroughly and is already in use in many experiments ( lopes , lofar , aera , rasta , anita , crome ) .  ⁇ n we present some results derived with coreas at low frequencies ( tens of mhz as typical for lopes , lofar , aera ) , high frequencies ( hundreds of mhz as typical for anita ) and very high frequencies ( ghz frequencies as typical for crome ) .  ⁇ n the performance of coreas is much better than that of reas3 , which can do calculations on very fine grids .  ⁇ n as the performance of the code is much better than that of reas3 , we can do calculations on very fine grids and thus produce some particularly instructive plots .  ⁇ n april , 2006 '
b' we present a detailed analysis of the _ swift _ x - ray light curves of a sample of gamma - ray bursts ( grbs ) .  ⁇ n we find that the x - ray light curves of these bursts exhibit a number of breaks , with a few of them exhibiting achromatic breaks .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a rosat pspc observation of the old open cluster m@xmath067 .  ⁇ n we find that the x - ray emission of m@xmath067 is dominated by a population of rs cvn binaries , which are well known x - ray emitters .  ⁇ n we also present a rosat pspc observation of the old galactic cluster ngc@xmath0188 , which is also known to be a rs cvn system .  ⁇ n we find that the x - ray emission of m@xmath067 is dominated by a population of rs cvn binaries , which are chromospherically active binaries .  ⁇ n we also find that the x - ray emission of ngc@xmath0188 is dominated by a population of rs cvn binaries .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the uv spectra of seven very hot hydrogen - rich cspn .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed analysis of the abundances of carbon ( c ) and oxygen ( o ) in the photosphere of a solar - type star .  ⁇ 
b' the calice collaboration is developing an electromagnetic calorimeter ( ecal ) with scintillator strips read out with pixelated photon detectors ( ppds ) as the sensitive layers .  ⁇ n the scecal is a prototype of a granular sampling electromagnetic calorimeter ( ecal ) .  ⁇ n the scecal is a prototype of a granular sampling electromagnetic calorimeter ( ecal ) with scintillator strips read out with pixelated photon detectors ( ppds ) as the sensitive layers .  ⁇ n the scecal has a thickness of 10@xmath110mm@xmath3 and a uniform response without wls fiber .  ⁇ n the scecal has a pixelated photon detector ( ppd ) with a pixelated photon detector ( ppd ) as the sensitive layer .  ⁇ n the scecal has a pixelated photon detector ( ppd ) with a pixelated
b' we investigate the topological properties of the complex network of gene expressions .  ⁇ n we first study the topological structure of the network based on the mutual information ( aracne ) , the bayesian inference ( sign - bn ) and the entropy - based entropy - based entropy - based entropy - based entropy - based entropy - based entropy - based entropy - based entropy - based entropy - based entropy - based entropy - based entropy - based entropy - based entropy - based entropy - based entropy - based entropy - based entropy - based entropy - based entropy - based entropy - based entropy - based entropy 
b' we present a real - space formulation of wave function stenciling in quantum chemistry , based on a jastrow antisymmetric geminal power ( jagp ) .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new theory of gravity based on finsler spacetimes .  ⁇ n we show that the finsler function is a generalized clock postulate and that it describes a geometric spacetime background suitable for physics .  ⁇ n we show that two different observers are related by a certain parallel transport and a lorentz transformation .  ⁇ n the set of these transformations has the algebraic structure of a groupoid that reduces to the usual lorentz group in the metric geometry limit .  ⁇ n we also present a new theory of finsler gravity , including a matter coupling principle , which geometrically extends einstein gravity without introducing new fundamental scales . '
b' we report the first detection of an ly@xmath0 absorption line along the line of sight towards the nearby galaxy pk
b' we show that strong - field electrodynamics ( sfe ) is well - defined everywhere in force - free electrodynamics ( ffe ) .  ⁇ n we argue that sfe is well - defined everywhere in ffe .  ⁇ n we also show that sfe is well - defined in the time - like current regions .  ⁇ n we show that sfe is well - defined in the space - like current regions .  ⁇ n we also show that sfe is well - defined in the time - like current regions .  ⁇ n we also show that sfe is well - defined in the time - like current regions .  ⁇ n we also show that sfe is well - defined everywhere in ffe .  ⁇ 
b' in this paper , we introduce multivariate associated kernels for nonparametric estimation of unknown densities on partially or totally bounded supports .  ⁇ n the proposed kernels are based on the product of symmetric kernels and the classical symmetric ones .  ⁇ n the corresponding kernels are constructed from a parametric probability density function .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a search for satellite oh maser emission at 1720 and 1612 mhz in the starburst galaxy m82 .  ⁇ n the oh satellite lines at 1720.527 mhz and 1612.231 mhz were detected with the very large array .  ⁇ n the oh satellite lines at 1720 mhz and 1612 mhz were found to be associated with the snr sgr a east in the central region of the galaxy .  ⁇ n the oh satellite lines at 1720 mhz and 1612 mhz were found to be associated with the source sgr a east .  ⁇ n the oh satellite lines at 1720 mhz and 1612 mhz are found to be associated with the snr sgr a east .  ⁇ n the oh satellite lines at 1720 mhz and 1612 mhz are found to be associated with the snr sgr a east . 
b' we study cospectral graphs for the normalized laplacian , the adjacency matrix , the laplacian , and the adjacency matrix .  ⁇ 
b' i discuss the semiclassical approach to quantum cosmology , based on the _ triangleland _ relational particle mechanics ( rpm ) .  ⁇ 
b' we consider the ordering of quantum states with respect to an arbitrary classical property .  ⁇ n it shows that distance measures are , in general , not completely suitable for ordering quantum states unambiguously .  ⁇ n we extend this method to include classical manipulations of the quantum state in an experiment , and classical noise effects .  ⁇ n we apply this method to a basic example , showing the importance of the quantum superposition principle for the quantification of nonclassical effects . '
b' we study the cosmological evolution of dark energy , focusing on the case of a cosmological constant , @xmath0 , whose physical nature is characterized by a degeneracy between matter and dark energy .  ⁇ n we show that the cosmological evolution of @xmath0 is governed by a _  ⁇ n cosmological constant _ , @xmath1 , whose value is a function of the cosmological constant .  ⁇ n we show that the cosmological constant @xmath2 is a function of the cosmological constant , @xmath1 , and the cosmological constant @xmath0 .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a hybrid structure consisting of doped graphene monolayer separated by a narrow gap semiconductor quantum well and a thin gap semiconductor quantum well .  ⁇ n the structure is characterized by a strong exciton - graphene plasmon coupling .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a many - bubble scenario in which the peak of the bubble nucleation can be chosen to occur early enough to have super - horizon - sized bubbles , approximating a big , typical universe by today .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the low frequency quasi - periodic oscillations ( lfqpos ) in the x - ray emission from the black hole x - ray binary h 1743322 .  ⁇ 
b' we show that the claim of van langen et al .  ⁇ n [ phys .  ⁇ n rev .  ⁇ n lett . * 84 * , 012305 ( 2005 ) ] is not correct .  ⁇ n we first state the problem of adiabaticity and then provide a general discussion on the issue of dephasing induced by inhomogeneous magnetic fields .  ⁇ n this discussion is followed by explicit examples that unambiguously demonstrate the observability of berry phase effects in diffusive systems of immediate experimental interest . '
b' we present preliminary results from the karl g. jansky very large array ( vla ) survey of nh@xmath0 and hc@xmath1n lines in the galactic center .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed analysis of the x - ray emission from the central regions of the virgo cluster of galaxies .  ⁇ n we find that the x - ray emission from the central regions of the clusters is dominated by a hot ( 10@xmath0 k ) , thermally radiating intracluster medium ( icm ) .  ⁇ n the x - ray emission from the central regions of the clusters is dominated by a hot ( 10@xmath1 k ) , thermally radiating icm .  ⁇ n the x - ray emission from the central regions of the clusters is dominated by a hot ( 10@xmath1 k ) , thermally radiating icm .  ⁇ n the x - ray emission from the central regions of the clusters is dominated by a hot ( 10@xmath1 k ) , thermally radiating icm .  ⁇ n the x - ray emission from the central regions of the
b' we study the dynamics of two spherical particles in a system of two spherical particles .  ⁇ n the system is modeled by a system of two spherical particles , each of which is trapped by optical tweezers .  ⁇ n we give a complete analytic description of the coupled translational and rotational dynamics .  ⁇ n the longitudinal motions parallel to the particle - particle axis decouple completely from transversal motions .  ⁇ n in addition , there is no coupling of translation and rotation in longitudinal motions .  ⁇ n we determine the complete set of collective eigenmodes of the system and calculate the correlations for particles undergoing thermal fluctuations .  ⁇ n our work extends recent investigations on correlations in translational fluctuations . '
b' we present photometric observations of the galactic halo star sdss j090745.0 + 024507 .  ⁇ n the star is variable , and we constrain the variability to be short - period and low - amplitude .  ⁇ n we find that the star is a main - sequence star with a heliocentric distance of @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we argue that this implies that the hv
b' we study the evolution toward the black hole formation associated with the short burst of energetic neutrinos .  ⁇ n we have performed the general relativistic @xmath0-radiation hydrodynamics simulations to obtain the detailed features of neutrino emission .  ⁇ n we have found that the neutrino emission from the proto - neutron star is dominated by the neutrino emission from the proto - neutron star .  ⁇ n the neutrino emission from the proto - neutron star is dominated by the neutrino emission from the proto - neutron star .  ⁇ n the neutrino emission from the proto - neutron star is dominated by the neutrino emission from the proto - neutron star .  ⁇ n the neutrino emission from the proto - neutron star is dominated by the neutrino emission from the proto - neutron star .  ⁇ n the neutrino emission from the proto - neutron star is dominated by the neutrino emission from the proto - neutron star .  ⁇ n the neutrino emission from the proto - neutron
b' sonic crystals , a periodic distribution of sound scatterers in a fluid or air background , have been proposed as structures for attenuating and filtering sound waves because of their acoustic bandgaps .  ⁇ n the effective properties of these structures , which are characterized by a complex - valued material parameter , are studied .  ⁇ n the effective properties of these structures are analyzed in a realistic experimental configuration , and the effect of the lattice filling fraction on the effective properties is investigated .  ⁇ n it is shown that the effective properties of these structures can be modified by a nonresonant microstructure , which is characterized by a complex - valued material parameter .  ⁇ n the effective properties of the structures are analyzed in a realistic experimental configuration , and the results are compared with those of a homogeneous fluid .  ⁇ 
b' the @xmath0 reaction is studied within the framework of the relativistic distorted wave impulse approximation .  ⁇ n the scalar and vector potentials of the nucleons are solved in the distorted wave impulse approximation .  ⁇ n the scalar and vector potentials are fitted to the ground state properties of the nucleus and to proton - nucleus elastic scattering data .  ⁇ n the scalar and vector potentials are fitted to the ground state properties of the nucleus and to proton - nucleus elastic scattering data .  ⁇ n the scalar potentials are fitted to the ground state properties of the nucleus and to proton - nucleus elastic scattering data .  ⁇ n the scalar potentials are fitted to the ground state properties of the nucleus and to proton - nucleus elastic scattering data .  ⁇ n the scalar potentials are fitted to the ground state properties of the nucleus and to proton - nucleus elastic scattering data .  ⁇ 
b' we determine the sizes of the first three rungs of the cosmological distance ladder .  ⁇ n these are the radius of the earth , the distance to the moon , and the size of the astronomical unit ( or au ) .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the motional effect of finite - mass valence quarks on the confining potential of the heavy - heavy - light quark ( @
b' we study fermions coupled to skyrmions on a sphere .  ⁇ n the dirac equation is derived .  ⁇ n the ordinary differential equation which describes the solutions with total angular momentum @xmath0 for general shape functions is solved .  ⁇ n the spectrum of the fermions is evaluated numerically and compared with results in the literature .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a new , deep , and unbiased study of the white dwarf cooling sequences of the nearest globular clusters , m4 and ngc 6397 .  ⁇ n we have obtained a series of hst / acs imaging observations of the clusters , and have analyzed the hst / acs images to determine the white dwarf cooling sequences .  ⁇ 
b' we present a model of the super - eddington phase of five classical novae , v693 cra , v1974 cyg , v1668 cyg , v351 pup , and os and .  ⁇ 
b' we report a complete characterization of the spatio - temporal properties of an optical bessel beam generated by reflection from a conical mirror .  ⁇ 
b' we present a systematic calculation of the nuclear enhanced high twist corrections to the inclusive cross sections of @xmath0 and @xmath1 in the framework of the perturbative qcd factorization approach .  ⁇ 
b' we present a model for generating an accelerated expansion and negative equation of state .  ⁇ n the model is based on a fundamentally lorentz invariant theory that spontaneously breaks lorentz invariance by developing a non - zero vector expectation value that picks a particular direction in spacetime .  ⁇ n the negative equation of state is produced by a gas of fermions that interacts with this lorentz - violating condensate .  ⁇ n we show how such a situation may arise in a fundamentally lorentz invariant theory by the process of spontaneous symmetry breaking .  ⁇ n we then discuss realistic cosmological scenarios in which particle dark energy can explain the late - time acceleration .  ⁇ 
b' we formulate a theory of carrier dynamics in non - interacting systems in the presence of a weak slowly - varying electric field .  ⁇ n we focus on non - interacting systems in which disorder is weak , strong spin - orbit interactions are present and a weak slowly - varying electric field is acting .  ⁇ n we focus on a number of fundamental aspects of adiabatic particle dynamics and demonstrate their relevance to transport phenomena .  ⁇ n we pay particular attention to the band mixing induced by the electric field , which gives rise to a non - adiabatic correction to the wave functions .  ⁇ n we also discuss the way the carrier position is to be found and , where possible , compare the result with the real - space center of a wave packet .  ⁇ n we also discuss the relationship between the wigner function formalism and the wave - packet formalism .  ⁇ n we also discuss the way the carrier position is to be found and , where possible , compare the result with the expression for the real - space center of a wave packet . '
b' we study the properties of black hole solutions to the bigravity theory .  ⁇ n we argue that the solutions found in the literature do not have regular horizons and thus they can not represent black holes .  ⁇ n we also consider a more general potential ( with two parameters ) and show that regular solutions do exist .  ⁇ n we then compute the total energy , entropy , temperature and discuss the thermodynamical properties .  ⁇ n we shall see that phase transitions exist when the potential is allowed by unitarity / stability .  ⁇ n we also discuss the thermodynamical properties .  ⁇ n we also discuss the thermodynamical properties of black holes . '
b' we develop a theoretical framework which shows that cosmic acceleration is the observable trace of the violation of the strong equivalence principle ( sep ) .  ⁇ n we first build from the awe hypothesis a tensor - scalar theory of anomalous gravity that naturally generalises the usual tensor - scalar theories of gravitation .  ⁇ n we then show that the observed cosmic acceleration can be accounted for exclusively with this mechanism , without any explicit negative pressures .  ⁇ n we then show that the observed cosmic acceleration can be accounted for exclusively with this mechanism , without any explicit negative pressures .  ⁇ n we also show that the observed cosmic acceleration can be accounted for exclusively with this mechanism . '
b' i present a mathematical analysis of the wave equation for a massless scalar field in a spacetime with multiple time dimensions .  ⁇ n the main result is that the initial data completely determine the data at all times , and do so in such a way that small errors in the specification of the initial data do not lead to uncontrollable errors in the solution .  ⁇ n the results are surprising , undermining as they do the conventional wisdom that such theories are plagued by instabilities or are hopelessly unpredictive .  ⁇ n furthermore , the way in which these sorts of constraints arise , from a reconception of the structure of the spacetime background , suggests heretofore unexplored ways of extending physical theory . '
b' we present a theory of self - actuated slender bodies , by modeling them as filaments that enforce slip velocities or stresses at the fluid - structure boundary .  ⁇ n the theory is based on a discretization which replaces the continuous filament by a chain of spheres connected by non - linear springs .  ⁇ n the spheres produce spontaneous hydrodynamic flow while the springs penalize changes in filament length and filament curvature .  ⁇ n the spheres produce spontaneous hydrodynamic flow while the springs penalize changes in filament length and filament curvature .  ⁇ n the theory is applied to compute the fluid flow of @
b' we present a new algorithm to identify clusters of galaxies from photometric redshifts .  ⁇ 
b' we study the scaling limits of critical systems in two dimensions , using the renormalization group .  ⁇ 
b' we construct a classical example of reciprocity between matter and spacetime curvature .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate @xmath0-term hybrid inflation in the presence of additional moduli fields .  ⁇ n we show that supergravity corrections , and supergravity - induced interactions with a moduli sector induce a tree level slope and mass for the inflaton .  ⁇ n moreover there are additional contributions from the quadratic divergence part of the one - loop corrections , as opposed to inflaton - dependent ones .  ⁇ 
b' we compare the different biological strategies of sensory systems , ranging from bacteria to complex eukaryotes , and design minimal models which allow adaptation without requiring substantial amounts of energy .  ⁇ n our models can thus help elucidate the advantages brought to the cells by consumption of energy , including the bypassing of hard - wired cell parameters such as diffusion constants with increased control over time scales .  ⁇ n we then investigate the possibility of achieving adaptation without consuming energy by means of a  ⁇  protocell '' based on equilibrium physics .  ⁇ n we show that the hypothesis of no cost of energy for the cell guide us in designing minimal adaptation mechanisms .  ⁇ n these considerations may provide a path towards a general theory of adaptation in eukaryotic cells . '
b' we present the results of the lte analysis of the k - giant stars in the globular cluster m22 .  ⁇ n the lte analysis is based on the lte - based stellar atmosphere models with a few appropriate input stellar parameters , such as effective temperature , surface gravity and turbulent velocity .  ⁇ n we find that the metallicity distributions of the k giant stars in m22 are significantly different from those of the normal gcs .  ⁇ n the lte analysis shows that the k giants in m22 are more metal - poor than those in normal gcs .  ⁇ n the lte analysis shows that the k giants in m22 are metal - poor , with the lte - based metallicity distributions varying with the lte - based metallicity .  ⁇ n the lte - based metallicity distributions of the k giants in m22 are similar to those of the normal gcs , but the lte
b' we present a statistical study of the spitzer / irac colors of the complete census of the chamaeleon i star - forming region .  ⁇ n this comparison reveals a prominent difference between the color distribution of the very low and low mass stars in the sample .  ⁇ n next , we use a grid of simple disk models to demonstrate that the difference in the distributions of irac colors is well explained by the lower occurrence rate of flared disks around the lowest mass stars .  ⁇ n these findings further reinforce the stellar mass dependent evolution of protoplanetary disks , a key and yet unaccounted for factor to consider in planet formation models . '
b' we report the unexpected detection of the he ii @xmath04686 emission line in the luminous blue variable @xmath1 carinae .  ⁇ n the line is faint in high excitation phases and strong during the event , contrary to the behavior of the high excitation forbidden lines .  ⁇ n we suggest that this line is a he ii @xmath04686 emission line .  ⁇ n we discuss the implications of this line for the binary nature of @xmath1 car . '
b' we investigate the effect of a logarithmic transform of the density field on the relation between the density and displacement fields .  ⁇ n we use both eulerian and lagrangian techniques in a cosmological @xmath0-body simulation .  ⁇ n we compare the linear and logarithmic approaches and evaluate their dependence on redshift and smoothing scale , both of which affect the applicability of linear theory .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed analysis of the spectroscopic properties of the eclipsing binary cu cancri .  ⁇ n the spectroscopic data were obtained with the keck ii telescope .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new analysis of the ring - type structure in the real cosmic microwave background ( cmb ) temperature map in the frequency band 70 ghz as measured by the planck collaboration as well as the foreground removed maps smica , sevem and nilc .  ⁇ n we find that the ring - type structure is a significant feature of the cmb temperature map .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new method to detect the scale - dependence of the phenomenological bias parameter @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we use the sloan digital sky survey ( sdss ) data release 7 , and the sdss dr7 , to search for the scale - dependence of @xmath1 .  ⁇ n we find that the bias - contaminated density parameter @xmath2 is @xmath3 , and @xmath4 , respectively .  ⁇ n the bias - contaminated density parameter @xmath5 is found to be @xmath6 , and @xmath7 , respectively .  ⁇ n the bias - contaminated density parameter @xmath8 is found to be @xmath9 , and @xmath10 , respectively .  ⁇ n the bias - contaminated density parameter @xmath1 is found to be @xmath11 , and @xmath12 , respectively .  ⁇ n the bias - contaminated density parameter @xmat
b' we calculate the two - loop correction to the massive ideal gas formula for the free energy density of the @xmath0 component scalar @
b' we study the photon - photon cross section at @xmath0 colliders .  ⁇ n we show that the cross section is sensitive to the pomeron dynamics .  ⁇ n we also discuss the prospects for measuring the photon structure functions at future @xmath0 colliders . '
b' we report the optical transition in a strain - free self - assembled gaas quantum ring , grown by droplet epitaxy .  ⁇ n the ground - state transition and the excited - state transition are identified by single quantum ring photoluminescence .  ⁇ n the spectra are found to be in good agreement with results of single - carrier calculation .  ⁇ n the aharonov - bohm effect , aharonov - bohm effect , quantum ring , quantum ring , single - carrier calculation '
b' we present the results of a search for vhe @xmath0 ray emission from pulsars .  ⁇ n we have used the ooty and pachmarhi data , which were obtained in the 80s .  ⁇ n we have found no evidence for pulsed emission from pulsars .  ⁇ n we have also searched for pulsed emission from pulsars with the tata and ooty data .  ⁇ 
b' we study the flow of a fluid in a microscopic micro - channel with a low reynolds number , @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the flow is characterized by a non - linear dependence of the stress on the rate of deformation of the polymer solutions .  ⁇ 
b' the optical monitoring camera , omc , is a ccd camera , which is a powerful tool for the study of the gamma - ray sources on board the integral satellite .  ⁇ n it is a co - aligned field of view of the spi and ibis instruments .  ⁇ n it is a very efficient tool for the identification of the sources .  ⁇ n the omc team has developed a scientific archive containing the data generated by the omc team .  ⁇ n it is based on more than 10 ms of observations during the first 2 years of core program and public observations .  ⁇ n it covers around 50% of the whole sky .  ⁇ n it contains 209 high energy sources .  ⁇ n 13 of them are new igrs recently discovered .  ⁇ n they are not in the omc input catalog yet .  ⁇ n the omc team has developed a scientific archive , containing the data generated by the omc team and an access system capable of performing complex searches .
b' the evolution of spatially homogeneous cosmological models with a cosmological constant is investigated .  ⁇ n the friedmann - lematre models are considered , and the simplest orthogonal models of type i and ii are examined in more detail .  ⁇ n the wald theorem is used to show that all tilted lrs type v models are isotropized .  ⁇ 
b' we show that the vacuum space of @xmath0 gravity permits new traversable wormholes and non - singular black hole solutions .  ⁇ n we show that these structures are supported only by the vacuum and do not require any unusual states of matter .  ⁇ n we also show that observers and light rays can traverse the throat of the wormhole and discuss some of the properties of the trajectory .  ⁇ n finally , we discuss the appearance of the wormhole to asymptotic observers . '
b' we determine the phase diagrams ( for @xmath0 as well as @xmath1 ) of the penson - kolb - hubbard model for two dimensional square lattice within hartree - fock mean - field theory focusing on a behavior of superconducting phases with changing model parameters and on a possibility of the occurrence of the state with phase separation .  ⁇ n we obtain that the phase separation state , in which two different superconducting phases ( @xmath2-wave and @xmath3-wave ) can coexist , occurs in a definite range of electron concentration .  ⁇ n in addition , increasing temperature can change the symmetry of the superconducting order parameter ( from @xmath3-wave to @xmath2-wave ) .  ⁇ n we also obtain that increasing temperature can change the symmetry of the superconducting order parameter ( from @xmath3-wave to @xmath2-wave ) . '
b' we develop a non - equilibrium thermodynamics for glassy relaxation .  ⁇ n the approach is based on the second law of thermodynamics and is applicable to all systems including glasses .  ⁇ 
b' we study the impact of galaxy interactions on the chemical evolution of galaxies .  ⁇ n we use n - body / smoothed - particle hydrodynamics simulations to quantitatively study the metal redistribution due to gas motions in mergers of equal - mass spirals .  ⁇ n we find that the gas metallicity profile changes as a function of time , with a steeper gradient at larger galactocentric radius than is typical of unbarred spirals .  ⁇ n the metal gradient changes are due to gas redistribution by the bar potential .  ⁇ n we also find that the metal gradient changes are due to gas redistribution by the bar potential .  ⁇ n we discuss the implications of our results for the formation of ultraluminous infrared galaxies ( ulirgs ) and qsos . '
b' the glast multiwavelength coordination group ( glamcog ) has been formed to prioritize science - driven needs and develop an implementation plan for cooperative multiwavelength observations before and during the glast mission .  ⁇ n this work is preliminary and does not represent the full range of multiwavelength activities that will be investigated .  ⁇ n some of the known multiwavelength needs are described here , along with the steps being taken to meet those needs .  ⁇ n these are described here , along with the steps being taken to meet those needs .  ⁇ n some of the known multiwavelength needs are described here , along with the steps being taken to meet those needs .  ⁇ n some of the known multiwavelength needs are described here , along with the steps being taken to meet those needs .  ⁇ n some of the known multiwavelength needs are described here , along with the steps being taken to meet those needs .  ⁇ n # 1_#1 _ # 1_#1 _ = # 1 1.25 in .125 in .25 in '
b' we study theoretically the pseudodiffusive scaling of the electrical current transmitted through a layered superconductor with a _  ⁇ n d_-wave symmetry .  ⁇ 
b' microlensing is a powerful tool to search for planets around stars .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a pilot study into generating high spatial resolution maps of interstellar extinction in the smc using the swift uvot .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed investigation of the near - synchronous polar rx j2115 - 5840 .  ⁇ n we find that the circular polarisation curve shows a negative excursion lasting approximately half the spin cycle .  ⁇ n the amplitude spectrum shows a positive hump at other beat phases .  ⁇ n the hump is not significantly modulated .  ⁇ n the amplitude spectrum shows a positive hump at other beat phases .  ⁇ n the hump is not significantly modulated .  ⁇ n the hump is not significantly modulated .  ⁇ n the hump is not significantly modulated .  ⁇ n the hump is not significantly modulated .  ⁇ n the hump is not significantly modulated .  ⁇ n the hump is not significantly modulated .  ⁇ n the hump is not significantly modulated .  ⁇ n the hump is not significantly modulated .  ⁇ n the hump is not significantly modulated .  ⁇ n the hump is not significantly modulated .
b' we show that the cosmological constant problem is not solved by the trace anomaly .  ⁇ n we argue in favour of a semiclassical approach to examining the connection between the cosmological constant and the trace anomaly .  ⁇ n we take expectation values of inhomogeneous quantum fluctuations with respect to a certain state to study its effect on the background spacetime .  ⁇ n moreover , in accordance with the cosmological principle , inhomogeneous fluctuations of the metric tensor and in particular of the conformal part of the metric ten
b' we present a three - phase equation of state ( eos ) for the crystalline phase of carbon , focusing specifically on the regime of @xmath0 mbar and @x
b' we present a detailed three - dimensional radiation transport code for type ia supernovae ( snia ) .  ⁇ n the code is based on a monte carlo approach to time - dependent radiation transport .  ⁇ n the code is able to simulate a wide range of snia explosion models , including a variety of snia , agn , snia , snia , snia , snia , snia , snia , snia , snia , snia , snia , snia , snia , snia , snia , snia , snia , snia , snia , snia , snia , snia , snia
b' we propose a linear threshold agent - based model ( abm ) for the spread of political revolutions on social networks in dictatorial regimes .  ⁇ n the abm is based on a hierarchical hierarchy of simplified ordinary differential - equation ( ode ) models , which are characterized by a hierarchy of ode models .  ⁇ 
b' we study the @xmath0 expansion of the noncommutative @xmath1 gross - neveu model .  ⁇ n although perturbatively renormalizable only for @xmath2 , its commutative version is @xmath0 expandable and exhibits dynamical mass generation for both @xmath3 and @xmath2 .  ⁇ n we show that noncommutativity breaks both these aspects .  ⁇ n nevertheless , as in the wess zumino model , supersymmetry allows to recover renormalizability and dynamical mass generation .  ⁇ n the supersymmetric partner of the noncommutative supersymmetric nonlinear sigma model is the noncommutative nonlinear sigma model whose noncommutative extension is afflicted with uv / ir mixing .  ⁇ 
b' we derive the telegraph equation with reaction from the continuous - time random walks ( ctrws ) with the waiting time distributed according to the gamma law @xmath0 and the jump length having the finite second moment .  ⁇ n the telegraph equation is derived from the ctrws with the gamma - distributed waiting time delayed ctrws ( dctrws ) .  ⁇ 
b' we study a two - dimensional model of traffic flow .  ⁇ n the model is a self - organized cellular automaton model , in which each site contains either an arrow pointing upwards or to the right .  ⁇ n the dynamics is controlled by the traffic light such that the right arrows move only on even time steps and the up arrows move on odd time steps .  ⁇ n the asymptotic configurations of the model are referred to as moving or jamming ones , respectively .  ⁇ n we give exact results on the lower critical density , below which there are only moving configurations asymptotically , and an upper critical density , above which there are only jamming configurations asymptotically .  ⁇ n we also give exact results on the lower critical density , below which there are only moving configurations asymptotically , and an upper critical density , above which there are only jamming configurations asymptotically .  ⁇ 
b' i review the current knowledge of the cosmological parameters , and discuss the implications for the cosmological parameters .  ⁇ 
b' we study the nonequilibrium dynamics of a binary mixture of oppositely charged colloidal particles in a viscous fluid .  ⁇ n the mixture is driven by a constant external electric field and is subject to a constant external electric field .  ⁇ n we show that the steady - state diagram of lane formation is strongly affected by hydrodynamic interactions .  ⁇ 
b' the antares neutrino telescope is a three dimensional photodetector detector , located in the mediterranean sea , 40 km off the coast of la seyne - sur - mer , france .  ⁇ n the detector is based on a 10-line array of photomultipliers .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a scheme to produce a coherent x - rays amplification in the optical lattice .  ⁇ n the lattice is formed by the overlap of two identical laser beams and represents a spatially , transversally modulated electromagnetic field structure .  ⁇ n the amplification rate is calculated and compared with the experimental data .  ⁇ n the amplification rate is found to be a factor of two higher than the conventional amplification rate .  ⁇ n the amplification rate is found to be a factor of two higher than the conventional amplification rate .  ⁇ 
b' the reverberation mapping technique is used to study the geometry and kinematics of the broad line region ( blr ) in active galactic nuclei ( agns ) .  ⁇ 
b' we present deep optical images of the hipass j1712 - 64 , a recently discovered isolated compact hi cloud .  ⁇ n the images were obtained with the wide field imager on the anglo - australian telescope .  ⁇ n the images show a ring of stars with a surface brightness of @xmath0 , and a central velocity of @xmath1kms@xmath2 .  ⁇ 
b' we present a population synthesis model of the symbiotic system smc 3 .  ⁇ n the model includes the bondi - hoyle mechanism , roche - lobe overflow , roche - lobe overflow and a roche - lobe overflow .  ⁇ n we predict that the system will not become a type ia supernova in contrary to what was suggested in the literature .  ⁇ n we also predict that the system will not become a type ia supernova . '
b' we consider muller winning conditions , which are normal form of @xmath0-regular conditions .  ⁇ n we show that if eve has a winning strategy in a 2-player muller game , she has a randomised winning strategy with memory at least @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we also show that if a 2-player muller game has a randomised winning strategy with memory at least @xmath0 , then eve has a randomised winning strategy with memory at least @xmath0 .  ⁇ n this extends a result of dziembowski , jurdzinski , and walukiewicz . '
b' we investigate anomalies of the discrete family symmetries of recently proposed models .  ⁇ n we assume that the anomaly of a discrete symmetry at low energies is canceled by the green - schwarz mechanism at a more fundamental scale .  ⁇ n we show that the jacobian of the path - integral measure of an anomalous abelian discrete symmetry can be calculated for a finite discrete transformation parameter .  ⁇ 
b' we study the nonlinear phase shifts of a probe beam partially reflected from a periodic structure induced by a strong standing wave electromagnetically induced transparency ( eit ) field .  ⁇ 
b' we have studied the magnetic field of the sun s south polar region , which is at near solar minimum activity .  ⁇ n the magnetic field is modeled by a dipole - like field .  ⁇ 
b' it is shown that consciousness is a phenomenon experienced by an observer .  ⁇ n a quantum system is presented which necessarily involves a conscious , as opposed to a physical , activity of an observer observing the unitary dynamics of a quantum state .  ⁇ n based on this observation , a particular quantum computer can be built such that it yields a computational model involving consciousness .  ⁇ n this provides a counter - example to the assumption that all conscious activities are computational processes .  ⁇ n this is shown to be incorrect . '
b' we present a theoretical study of the electronic structure of silicon nanowires ( sinws ) grown along the @xmath0 direction .  ⁇ n we show that the wulff s rule is a useful tool to determine the geometry of the surface reconstructed sinws .  ⁇ 
b' the design of a 10@xmath0 @xmath1 @xmath2s@xmath3 @xmath0 collider combines extensions of the design of the present _ b _ factories and linear collider concepts to allow improved beam parameters to be achieved .  ⁇ n the parameters presented here are preliminary but with the intent to be self - consistent .  ⁇ n a brief overview of the design and performance of a linear - circular b - factory is presented . '
b' we study the nucleation of cracks in a brittle two - dimensional material by langevin dynamics .  ⁇ n the rate constant for the nucleation of cracks follows an arrhenius law , from which the energy barrier is extracted .  ⁇ n two situations in a square lattice are studied : atomic interactions restricted to first neighbours and interactions extended to second neighbours .  ⁇ n in the former case , the shear modulus of the solid is zero and the energy barrier is shown to be independent of system size : the breakage of a single bond propagates to the rest of the solid without any cost . in the latter case  ⁇ n the shear modulus is non - zero and a finite size crack has to nucleate before rupture can propagate throughout the system .  ⁇ n the latter situation is physically more relevant to describe brittle materials and we discuss its energy barrier in the context of griffith theory . '
b' we present a study of the variability of luminous blue variables ( lbvs ) .  ⁇ n we find that the variability is dominated by radial pulsations , and that the pulsation period is a few tenths of a magnitude .  ⁇ n we also find that the pulsation period is a few tenths of a magnitude .  ⁇ n we discuss the possible origin of the variations , and discuss the implications for the evolutionary status of lbvs . '
b' we consider a one - dimensional , dislocation - free , epitaxially strained thin solid film in a wetting interaction with a solid , semi - infinite elastic substrate .  ⁇ n we show that the film thickness and the wetting length are two independent characteristic lengths , i.e. the former is determined by film deposition , while the latter one is determined by the molecular structure and properties of the film - substrate interface .  ⁇ n since the film thickness may be , and normally is , less than the deposited film thickness , the perturbation wavelengths may be comparable to the film thickness but still much larger than the wetting length .  ⁇ n this approach reveals linear stability features that , we believe , were unnoticed in prior publications .  ⁇ 
b' we study a growing network model where each node has individual characteristics or traits .  ⁇ n each node is assigned a permanent set of random traits .  ⁇ n a link is formed between the two nodes with a probability determined from a given probability distribution over the distance function .  ⁇ n we calculate the edge distribution of the growing network , the distribution of cluster sizes and the emergence of a giant cluster .  ⁇ n we also show how the number of attempted connections made when a new node is added determines the position and type of the phase transition as well as the cluster size distribution .  ⁇ n we also show how the number of attempted connections made when a new node is added determines the position and type of the phase transition as well as the cluster size distribution .  ⁇ n we also show how the number of attempted connections made when a new node is added determines the position and type of the phase transition as well as the cluster size distribution .  ⁇ n we also show how the number of attempted connections made when a new node is added determines the position and type of the phase transition as well as the cluster
b' we analyse the daily sunspot area data from 18741984 .  ⁇ n we found the periodicity between 150160 days and from the interval of @
b' in this paper , we propose a control - flow based intrusion detection technique for big data systems .  ⁇ n the proposed technique checks for program level anomalies based on the knowledge of possible threats or by learning from the behavior of programs .  ⁇ n we show that the proposed technique can be used for security within big data systems .  ⁇ 
b' we study a model for evolution of an adapting population , based on haploid organisms , and subject to competition , competition and selection .  ⁇ n the population evolves in discrete time with non - overlapping generations .  ⁇ n selection is represented through a survival probability that depends on the difference between a genome and a certain ideal genome .  ⁇ n we develop a mean - field description , which describes the evolution of an infinite population exactly , since it has no spatial structure .  ⁇ n we also perform monte carlo simulations for the model .  ⁇ n we determine the survival / extinction phase boundary , and compare the temporal evolution , and the genomic distribution of the population predicted by mean - field against simulation results .  ⁇ n we find that the population is extinction - free , with a mean - field value of @x
b' we study the full counting statistics of charge transfer in nano - structures .  ⁇ n the full counting statistics is the study of the probability distribution @xmath0 that @xmath1 electrons have moved from the source lead to the drain lead in the measuring time @xmath2 .  ⁇ n this is a probability distribution as the exact number measured in any given realization is subject to both quantum and thermal fluctuations .  ⁇ n we show that the contribution to the full counting statistics that is sub - leading in measurement time is proportional to the measuring time @xmath2 .  ⁇ n we also show that the contribution to the full counting statistics that is sub - leading in measurement time is proportional to the measuring time @xmath2 .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the spatial distribution of dust in the universe .  ⁇ n we perform the stacking analysis of the sdss galaxy sample on the iras / sfd @xmath0 map .  ⁇ n we find that the dust temperature is consistent with the mnard et al .  ⁇ n ( 2010a ) reddening measurement .  ⁇ n we also find that the dust temperature is consistent with the inter - stellar dust model .  ⁇ n we also find that the dust temperature is consistent with the sdss galaxy sample .  ⁇ n the dust temperature is consistent with the inter - stellar dust model .  ⁇ n the dust temperature is consistent with the sdss galaxy sample .  ⁇ n the dust temperature is consistent with the inter - stellar dust model . '
b' we introduce and analyse a new method of testing for residual foreground contamination in cmb polarization maps , the @xmath0 statistic .  ⁇ n we show that this statistic is well suited to the detection of foreground contamination , as both the synchrotron and dust foreground components have strong overall directionality on large scale
b' we present a study of the x - ray and euv light curves of capella , obtained with the _ euve _ satellite .  ⁇ n we find that the x - ray light curves exhibit a clear recurrent flare , with a duration of @xmath0 ks .  ⁇ 
b' we present australia telescope compact array observations of the x - ray binary gx 339 - 4 .  ⁇ n the source was clearly detected at all four wavelengths , and shows a hard tail , rapid variability and a similarity to cyg x-1 .  ⁇ 
b' parallel programs are a common tool for the development of efficient and robust multiprocessors .  ⁇ n the synchronisation errors of parallel programs can cause a deadlock of the program , while a lack of synchronisation will lead to race conditions .  ⁇ n race conditions are harmful because they are ( most of the time ) considered bugs , they should be removed .  ⁇ n however , most race detection tools detect race conditions dynamically during an actual program execution . in this paper  ⁇ n , we present and describe a tool that detects data races dynamically .  ⁇ n was implemented for the solaris operating system running on sun multiprocessors with sparc processors .  ⁇ n during the test phase of , we have found data races in several programs we tested ( including the splash-2 suite ) .  ⁇ n all of the races that were reported were genuine data races that had stayed undetected until then .  ⁇ n all of the races that were reported were genuine data races that had stayed undetected until then .  ⁇ n we present and describe a tool that detects data races dynamic
b' we study the commutator of two hamiltonian constraints .  ⁇ n we show that the commutator of the hamiltonian constraints vanishes on diffeomorphism invariant states .  ⁇ n we also show that the commutator of the hamiltonian constraints vanishes on diffeomorphism invariant states .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new method to determine the age of young massive star clusters ( ymcs ) based on the spectral - energy distributions ( seds ) of a sample of ymcs observed with the _ hubble space telescope _ s advanced camera for surveys .  ⁇ 
b' we study the possibility of observing new physics at neutrino telescopes .  ⁇ n we consider the possibility of observing high energy neutrinos coming from gamma ray bursts ( grbs ) and present an analysis of how the expected total flux of neutrinos at neutrino telescopes can change significantly by the presence of new physics .  ⁇ 
b' we study the quantum statistical properties of multiorder sidebands generated by the parametric beating of a quantum probe field with a prepared raman coherence in a far - off - resonance medium . under the conditions of negligible dispersion and limited bandwidth ,  ⁇ n we derive a bessel - function solution for the sideband field operators .  ⁇ n we analytically and numerically calculate various quantum statistical characteristics of the sideband fields generated from a single - mode quantum input .  ⁇ n we show that , with increasing the effective medium length or the raman sideband order , the autocorrelation functions , cross - correlation functions , photon - number distributions , and squeezing factors undergo oscillations governed by the bessel functions . meanwhile , the normalized autocorrelation functions and normalized squeezing factors of the single - mode quantum probe field are not altered and can be replicated into a broad comb of generated multiorder sidebands .  ⁇ n we also study the mixing and modulation of photo
b' we study the chemical bonds of small palladium clusters pd@xmath0 ( @xmath1 ) and their hydrogen - saturated versions using the electronic structure obtained by quantum chemical calculation .  ⁇ n we use the electronic stress tensor based on the regional density functional theory and rigged quantum electrodynamics .  ⁇ n we find that the chemical bonds of the hydrogenated pd clusters are quite different from those of the free h@xmath2 molecule .  ⁇ n the bond order definitions of the hydrogenated pd clusters are based on the electronic stress tensor .  ⁇ n the bond order definitions of the hydrogenated pd clusters are compared with those of the free h@xmath3 molecule .  ⁇ n the bond order definitions of the hydrogenated pd clusters are compared with those of the free h@xmath4 molecule .  ⁇ n the bond order definitions of the hydrogenated pd clusters are also discussed .  ⁇ 
b' the sunspot data are a new and a new long term database of sunspot groups .  ⁇ n the main features of the sunspot groups are the emergence and decay of magnetic fields , the interaction of the active region with the surrounding velocity fields or the development of the dynamo mechanism .  ⁇ n the present report lists some of these new topics and presents some preliminary results .  ⁇ n the more detailed analysis of these phenomena is under way and will be published in more extended works . '
b' we report the results of the observations of the magnetar sgr 1900 + 14 at low frequency ( 111 mhz ) .  ⁇ n the pulsed radio emission from this magnetar was detected in 1998 december , when as result of dedispersion procedures the integrated pulse profile with a good enough signal / noise ratio appeared with a dispersion measure of about @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the pulses from sgr 1900 + 14 with the same width of about 100 ms were detected repeatedly in january 1999 .  ⁇ n the pulse profiles of sgr 1900 + 14 with the same dispersion measure ( dm ) and similar pulse width were found .  ⁇ n the pulse profiles of sgr 1900 + 14 with the same dm values and similar pulse width were detected repeatedly .  ⁇ n the pulse profiles of sgr 1900 + 14 with the same dm values were also detected .  ⁇ n the pulse profiles of sgr 1900 + 14 with the same dm values were also detected .  ⁇ n the pulse profiles
b' we study the statistical properties of the conductance through a quantum - chaotic dot with a superconducting lead attached to it .  ⁇ n we take into account the presence of a schottky barrier which is formed in real superconducting junctions of transparency @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we calculate the total scattering matrix and the conductance for the two - terminal configurations .  ⁇ n we also calculate the necessary scattering - matrix elements in order to calculate the conductance distribution .  ⁇ n we show that the conductance distribution is affected by the presence of the superconducting region as well as the scattering at the schottky barrier .  ⁇ n we also calculate the conductance distribution for the three - terminal configuration .  ⁇ n we present the results for both symmetries , at different values of the transparency of the schottky barrier . '
b' we introduce a natural graph model for microdata with known inter - record distances .  ⁇ n the search for a maximum common subgraph between two such graph models is interpreted as a novel kind of linkage attack on such microdata .  ⁇ n we discuss the relative merits of our method in comparison to the usual linkage attacks on the basis of a small - scale example ( example [ example : poets ] ) .  ⁇ n furthermore , in the special case of geographical distances , it is shown that , on the basis of simulated data , a non - negligible risk of identity disclosure exists if @xmath0-distributed gaussian noise is added to the input coordinates for too small values of @xmath1 .  ⁇ n for larger values of @xmath1 ( which lead to sufficiently anonymised data ) , however , the data become nearly useless for further analysis .  ⁇ n these results reflect a trade - off between data utility and disclosure risk through the proposed attack . '
b' the accretion - driven growth of massive galaxy halos is a key process in the formation of the most massive galaxies in the universe .  ⁇ n the cluster environment is an ideal location for studying the accretion - driven growth of massive galaxy halos .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the charmonium properties near the quantum choromodynamics ( qcd ) phase transition at some temperature @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we construct good meson operators at finite temperature , and observe the temperature effects in the meson correlator between the operators constructed in the previous step .  ⁇ n we observe the @xmath1-dependence below and above @xmath1 , and discuss the possibility of the bound state at @xmath2 . '
b' the vertex position detector ( vpd ) is a new readout detector for the star trigger system .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the effects of magneto - thermal instability ( mti ) on the rotation measure ( rm ) distribution of radio galaxies in cooling core clusters .  ⁇ n we use a 3-d mhd simulation to study the effects of mti on the rm distribution of radio galaxies in clusters .  ⁇ 
b' we consider the generalized differential phase contrast associated with aberrated linear shift invariant optical systems employing statistically stationary partially coherent scalar fields .  ⁇ n the output spatial distribution of spectral density ( i.e. , the output image ) can be modelled using the transfer function formalism .  ⁇ n the derivation is based on a two dimensional transverse cartesian coordinate system .  ⁇ n expressions for the spectral density are derived , restricting consideration to only one transverse spatial variable for simplicity .  ⁇ n three different types of sample are considered : samples that satisfy , i ) the weak phase object approximation , ii ) the weak phase amplitude approximation and ; iii ) the single material weak phase amplitude approximation .  ⁇ n the features of the transfer function used in this formalism are studied in depth . '
b' we propose a solution method for the travelling salesman problem and its time constrained variant .  ⁇ n the method is based on a two step search procedure that interleaves subproblem generation and subproblem solution .  ⁇ 
b' nous tudions la distribution locale des points rationnels dune varit algbrique dfinie sur un corps de nombres @xmath0 .  ⁇ n nous tudions la distribution locale dune varit algbrique dfinie sur un corps de nombres @xmath0 .  ⁇ 
b' we present high angular resolution spectra of the starless globule b68 , obtained with the keck ii telescope .  ⁇ 
b' we study the dynamics of josephson junctions in an electromagnetic environment , where the conjugate charge and phase degrees of freedom are coupled by a capacitance .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a gauge theory of dislocations based on the semidirect product of the rotational group with translations .  ⁇ n the displacement field is the gauge parameter of local translations .  ⁇ n the equations of equilibrium are considered for the displacement field .  ⁇ n it is shown that the displacement field does not exist in real crystals .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new method to search for astrometric binaries among low - luminosity stars .  ⁇ n the method is based on the astrometric data of the gaia space observatory .  ⁇ 
b' i discuss the recent results of t - odd parton fragmentation function ( pff ) measurements in semi - inclusive deep inelastic scattering ( dis ) .  ⁇ n i discuss the application of the pff to the estimation of the proton transversity distribution .  ⁇ 
b' in this paper , we propose a network coding based low - density parity - check ( ldpc ) code for the cooperative uplink system with multi - source and one relay ( @xmath0 ) .  ⁇ n the code design is based on the network coded parity check digits produced by the relay , which enable the joint decoding of all sources data and thus each source can obtain more extrinsic mutual information from the other sources .  ⁇ n the code profile optimization executed by the relay aims only at approaching the capacity for a single source in each round .  ⁇ n however , such a direct application is not optimal for a multi - source system .  ⁇ n we propose a network coding based multi - edge type ldpc , which we refer to as ncmet - ldpc , for the @xmath1 model .  ⁇ n through the exit chart , we see that the network coded parity check digits produced by relay provide more extrinsic mutual information for
b' we present a general approach to quantum optics with ultracold quantum gases .  ⁇ n the approach is based on the quantum wave - particle duality , which allows to consider both light and matter at an ultimate quantum level .  ⁇ 
b' we revisit the problem of turbulence modeling .  ⁇ n the kinetic theory for a low - density gas is based on the boltzmann equation for a single particle distribution function .  ⁇ n the resulting equations are derived by integrating out the fast microscopic variables .  ⁇ n the resulting turbulence models are qualitatively different from the well - known turbulence models .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new method to estimate the binary fraction in globular clusters , based on the radial velocity variability of the cluster .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the light - curve ( lc ) of the core - collapse supernova ( sn ) 2008d .  ⁇ n we use a sn lc model to study the effect of the binary companion on the sn light - curve ( lc ) .  ⁇ n we find that the binary companion can significantly affect the lc of sn 2008d .  ⁇ 
b' we study the behavior of the universe with nonminimally coupled scalar field @xmath0 in the de sitter universe .  ⁇ n we show that the universe recollapses to a singularity in a finite time .  ⁇ n the effect of nonminimal coupling constant is similar with that of negative cosmological constant .  ⁇ n moreover there are situations where the universe shows rebouncing behavior before the final collapse .  ⁇ n pacs numbers : 98.80.cq , 98.80.es , 98.80.cq '
b' a set of texture descriptors based on graph entropy measures is introduced .  ⁇ n the descriptors are compared with the geodesic active contour method , a well - established approach for image segmentation .  ⁇ 
b' in this paper , we introduce the amplify - and - forward ( af ) large scale multiple input multiple output ( ls - mimo ) relaying technique into secure wireless information and power transfer ( wipt ) .  ⁇ n we derive an explicit expression of the secrecy outage capacity for such a secure wipt system in terms of transmit power , channel state information accuracy and transfer distance .  ⁇ n we propose a power splitting scheme at the relay , so as to maximize the secrecy outage capacity .  ⁇ n simulation results show that the proposed scheme can significantly improve the performance of wipt . '
b' we present the number counts of uv galaxies in the two galex bands : the fuv ( 1530 ) and the nuv ( 2310 ) .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed analysis of the x - ray properties of the x - ray source xte j1744 + 0023 .  ⁇ n the x - ray spectrum is well fitted by a power law with a photon index @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the x - ray spectrum is well fitted by a power law with a photon index @xmath1 .  ⁇ n the x - ray spectrum is well fitted by a power law with a photon index @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the x - ray spectrum is well fitted by a power law with a photon index @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the x - ray spectrum is well fitted by a power law with a photon index @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the x - ray spectrum is well fitted by a power law with a photon index @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the x - ray spectrum is well fitted by a power law with 
b' diamond ( 111 ) crystal plates are of primary importance for front - end diffracting x - ray optics at synchrotrons and x - ray free - electron lasers ( xfels ) .  ⁇ n a scheme of a double - crystal monochromator in bragg reflection geometry is presented .  ⁇ n the crystals are made of high - quality type iia diamond crystals with thicknesses of 5 - 10 @xmath0 @xmath1 m .  ⁇ n the crystals are mounted on a tetragonal - tetragonal - tetragonal - tetragonal - tetragonal - tetragonal - tetragonal - tetragonal - tetragonal - tetragonal - tetragonal - tetragonal - tetragonal - tetragonal - tetragonal - tetragonal - tetrag
b' we study the adiabatic passage of an electron between quantum dots in a tight - binding model .  ⁇ n gate voltages applied on the two end dots control the on - site energy of each dot .  ⁇ n we show that the minimum energy gap between the ground state and the first excited state can be robustly transported from one end of the chain to the other by slowly varying the gate voltages .  ⁇ n this structure is easy to extend to an arbitrary number of sites . '
b' we present the results of a spectroscopic study of the planetary nebula ( pn ) candidates around the central stars of the post - agb stars .  ⁇ n we have obtained a spectroscopic sample of a total of 58 ppn candidates .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the possibility that dust can be expelled from galaxie
b' the @xmath0 reaction has been studied at ruhr - universitt - bochum using the 4mv dynamitron - tandem accelerator .  ⁇ n the @xmath1 reaction is a slowest reaction of the mg - al cycle .  ⁇ 
b' we suggest to study fine structure of tellurium ground state .  ⁇ n we show that the fine structure of tellurium ground state can be reduced by configuration interaction .  ⁇ n we show that the fine structure of tellurium ground state can be reduced by a factor of @xmath0 .  ⁇ 
b' we study @xmath0 non - renormalizable operators , their relation to neutrino masses and the long - range part of the neutrinoless double beta decay amplitude .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed study of the production of top quark pairs close to threshold in the framework of non - relativistic qcd .  ⁇ n the cross section for the production of top anti - top quark pairs in @xmath0 and @x
b' we study the curvature perturbations in brane inflation .  ⁇ n we assume that two stacks of branes are moving ultra - relativistically towards the bottom of the throat where anti - branes are located .  ⁇ n the stack closer to the tip of the throat is annihilated during inflation transferring its energy into closed string modes .  ⁇ n the second stage of inflation is driven by the remaining stack .  ⁇ n we obtain the power spectrum of curvature perturbations and the spectral index .  ⁇ n we also study the spectral index and the spectral index . '
b' we investigate the production mechanism of a new heavy neutral spin-0 resonance , which could be discovered in high energy @xmath0 collisions .  ⁇ n we concentrate on the class of models where the di - photon decays of such a particle will be the first decay mode to be observed experimentally .  ⁇ n we further assume that this new particle has spin @xmath1 .  ⁇ n we investigate the corresponding modifications to the vector boson fusion production mechanism .  ⁇ n the characteristic jet distributions of such production are presented .  ⁇ n the prospects for study is the exact nature of such a particle using these distributions .  ⁇ n pacs numbers : 12.60.jv , 12.60.jv , 12.60.jv '
b' the non - dynamical stochastic resonance induced by lvy flights is studied .  ⁇ n it is assumed that the noise is more general , i.e. the gaussian noise is replaced by the non - equilibrium , heavy tailed @xmath0-stable noise .  ⁇ 
b' a monte carlo simulation of the galactic structure is presented .  ⁇ n the model includes the complete galactic content of white dwarfs and post - agb stars .  ⁇ n the model is calibrated using observations of white dwarfs with the supernova type ia progenitor survey ( spy ) .  ⁇ n the local space density of the three white dwarf populations and their contribution to the galactic mass budget is estimated .  ⁇ n the results are compared with observations . '
b' we present a detailed study of the properties of the deconfined interacting quark gluon plasma ( qgp ) .  ⁇ n detailed study of the properties of the deconfined state shows that qgp is rich in entropy and strangeness .  ⁇ n the enhancement of entropy @xmath0 arises because the color bonds are broken and gluons can be created .  ⁇ n enhancement of strangeness @xmath0 arises because the mass threshold for strangeness excitation is considerably lower in qgp than in hadron matter .  ⁇ n moreover there are new mechanisms of strangeness formation in qgp involving reactions between ( thermal ) gluons .  ⁇ n we search for a boundary between phases considering the size of the interacting region and the magnitude of the reaction energy .  ⁇ n detailed study of the properties of the deconfined state shows that qgp is rich in entropy and strangeness .  ⁇ n the enhancement of entropy @xmath1 arises because the color bonds are broken and gluon
b' we investigate the formation of planetesimals in a protoplanetary disk by gravitational instability .  ⁇ n we assume that the dust layer is initially stable .  ⁇ n we calculate the density evolution of the dust layer by using the @xmath0-body simulation .  ⁇ n we find that the dust layer becomes extremely thin if the stopping time @
b' we propose a practical approach to manipulate the counter - rotating interactions in the quantum rabi model .  ⁇ n we introduce a monochromatic modulation of the transition frequency of the quantum two - level system , which induces a series of sidebands in the spectrum of the quantum two - level system , and affects the detuning of the quantum two - level system .  ⁇ n this frequency modulation induces a series of sidebands in the spectrum of the quantum two - level system , and affects the detuning of the quantum two - level system .  ⁇ n we find that the detuning can be greatly enhanced by tuning the counter - rotating interactions , and the detuning can be greatly enhanced by tuning the counter - rotating interactions .  ⁇ n moreover , we find that the detuning can be greatly enhanced by tuning the counter - rotating interactions . '
b' we consider the growth of schreier graphs of automaton groups .  ⁇ n we obtain the associated sequence of finite schreier graphs @xmath0 of the action of a group @xmath1 on the space @xmath2 of right - infinite sequences over @xmath1 , and the family of orbital schreier graphs @xmath3 for @
b' we investigate the impact of the mean reversion of the spot prices on the pricing and hedging problem of european options on forwards .  ⁇ n we assume a multi - factor spot price model consisting of one non - stationary process and a sum of independent ornstein - uhlenbeck processes .  ⁇ n we find that the effect averages out in the option price , depending on the speed of the mean reversion and on the length of the delivery period .  ⁇ 
b' we introduce a quantum random walk on a symmetry reduced space and show that it can be used to perform a spatial search on the hypercube in @xmath0 time steps .  ⁇ n we give estimates for the vectors spanning the two - level subsystems at each crossing and derive the leading asymptotics for the search times .  ⁇ n we show in particular that the search algorithm finds the marked vertex in @xmath1 time steps where @xmath3 is the dimension of the hypercube . '
b' we investigate the normal modes of a yukawa one - component plasma in a spherical harmonic confinement .  ⁇ n the density profile is derived from a linearized poisson equation .  ⁇ 
b' this paper presents a way to unknot knots and unlink links in the real projective 3-space .  ⁇ n it is shown how to obtain a diagram of the unknot or unlink , starting from an arbitrary diagram , and performing some crossing changes on it .  ⁇ n this is done through an extension of the classical notion of descending diagram to diagrams of knots and links in the real projective 3-space .  ⁇ n this is done through an extension of the notion of descending diagram to diagrams of knots and links in the real projective 3-space .  ⁇ n it is shown how to make a diagram of the unknot or unlink , starting from an arbitrary diagram , and performing some crossing changes on it .  ⁇ n this is done through an extension of the classical notion of descending diagram to diagrams of knots and links in the real projective 3-space .  ⁇ n this is done through an extension of the classical notion of descending diagram to diagrams of knots and links in the real projective 3-space .  ⁇ n this is done through an extension of the classical notion
b' we present a theoretical study of the mechanical properties of a flexible polymer chain , modeled by a freely - jointed chain .  ⁇ 
b' the 17@xmath0-estradiol ( e2 ) is a estrogen - receptor - cellular receptor ( er ) that is a subset of the er@xmath1-type er@xmath2 .  ⁇ n the e2 isoforms are a subset of the er@xmath3 isozyme , which is a subset of the er@xmath4 isozyme .  ⁇ n the e2 isoforms are a subset of the er@xmath5 isozyme , which is a subset of the er@xmath3 isozyme .  ⁇ n the er@xmath4 isozyme is a subset of the er@xmath5 isozyme .  ⁇ n the er@xmath4 isozyme is a subset of the er@xmath5 isozyme .  ⁇ n the er@xmath4 isozyme is 
b' we present rosat hri and pspc observations of the dwarf nova yz cnc .  ⁇ n the rosat hri observations were obtained in april 1998 and one pspc observation in may 1994 .  ⁇ 
b' we study the quantum discord ( qd ) of a continuous - variable bipartite system .  ⁇ n we show that a finite gaussian qd can be frozen in the steady state .  ⁇ n the essential physics is the formation of a localized mode in the subsystems and the non - markovian effect .  ⁇ n an experimentally accessible scheme is proposed to observe the frozen qd by using a coupled cavity array system realized especially in a photonic crystal system . '
b' we investigate the kinematics and kinematics of the debris ejected by a supermassive binary black hole ( smbbh ) at the center of m87 .  ⁇ n we model the smbbh ejection velocities and show that the debris is kinematically distinct .  ⁇ n we find that the debris is kinematically distinct from the stellar population ejected by a dynamical encounter .  ⁇ n we also find that the debris is kinematically distinct from the stellar population ejected by a dynamical encounter .  ⁇ n we find that the debris is kinematically distinct from the stellar population ejected by a dynamical encounter .  ⁇ n we find that the debris is kinematically distinct from the stellar population ejected by a dynamical encounter .  ⁇ n we also find that the debris is kinematically distinct from the stellar population ejected by a dynamical encounter .  ⁇ 
b' we introduce a simple model of a two - sided market , motivated by the net neutrality debate .  ⁇ n the model assumes that the types of both users and content providers ( cps ) are power - law distributed .  ⁇ 
b' we study the effects of mode - exchange collisions on the dynamics of a two - component bose - einstein condensate .  ⁇ n the model is a generalization of the @xmath0-model , which includes only single body interactions and two - body collisions .  ⁇ 
b' we discuss the evolution of density perturbations in the einstein - de sitter universe .  ⁇ 
b' we calculate the cross section of the @xmath0 production in diffractive process in the framework of ads / qcd holographic wave function in basis of light - front quantization .  ⁇ n the cross section is reproduced with the experimental data of hera .  ⁇ n the differential cross section of the dipole scattering off the proton is also included in the amplitude in the diffractive process .  ⁇ n the results are compared with the experimental data . '
b' lcio is a complete persistency framework that addresses these issues .  ⁇ n lcio defines a data model , a user interface ( api ) and a file format for the simulation and reconstruction stages .  ⁇ n lcio has to fulfill the needs of the ongoing simulation studies as well as be expandable for future requirements .  ⁇ 
b' we study the distribution of relaxation times in the active phase of the dynamics of a @xmath0-dimensional system .  ⁇ 
b' we study the first - order transition of the escape rate of a particle in a double - well potential .  ⁇ n we show that the transition is smooth and the transition temperature is @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we also discuss the general conditions for the first - order transition .  ⁇ n we show that the transition temperature is @xmath1 . '
b' we present a fast gpu - based monte carlo simulation of proton@xmath0o non - elastic interactions .  ⁇ n the simulation is based on a conventional bertini - type intranuclear cascade model including nuclear evaporation .  ⁇ n the simulation is performed on a nvidia gtx680 card .  ⁇ 
b' we describe a bijection between an exploration process and a binary galton watson tree .  ⁇ n we show that a certain law on the exploration paths is in bijection with the law of a continuous time binary galton watson tree .  ⁇ n we also prove a generalized ray knight theorem . '
b' we develop a new set of statistical signal - processing techniques to search for deterministic and stochastic gravitational waves .  ⁇ n these techniques are robust , meaning that they will work well even if the detector noise is not gaussian .  ⁇ n we first derive the neyman - pearson criteria for optimality , in the case where a known waveform is hidden in white noise .  ⁇ n we then derive criteria for the locally optimal decision statistic , in the weak - signal regime .  ⁇ n we define the power function of a test and derive criteria for the locally optimal decision statistic in the weak - signal regime .  ⁇ n the locally optimal decision statistic is a matched filter where the non - gaussian sample values are truncated or excluded .  ⁇ n we then generalize the results to the case where a known waveform is hidden in colored noise , and we introduce models for non - gaussian colored noise .  ⁇ n we then turn to the detection of a stochastic background .  ⁇ n we show
b' we have studied the statistics of incoherent switching of stt - mram elements , using a public - domain micromagnetic finite - difference simulation .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new asteroseismic study of the @xmath0 cephei star @xmath1 eridani .  ⁇ 
b' we study spin - polarized cotunneling through a quantum dot coupled to ferromagnetic leads with non - collinearly aligned magnetic moments .  ⁇ n we show that the zero - bias anomaly in differential conductance @xmath0 in the parallel configuration decreases monotonically with increasing deviation of magnetic configuration from the antiparallel alignment , and eventually vanishes in the parallel configuration .  ⁇ n the effect of exchange field is most visible when the system is described by an asymmetric anderson model , leading to a nontrivial variation of the differential conductance with the angle between magnetizations of the leads .  ⁇ n the anomalous behavior of the differential conductance leads to a related anomaly in tunnel magnetoresistance . '
b' we describe a new mechanism for the bursting behavior observed in experiments on convection in @xmath0he/@xmath1he mixtures .  ⁇ n this mechanism ope - rates naturally arises in systems with broken d@
b' the binding energies of single - particle and single - hole neutron orbitals in the neutron shells of @xmath0 = 0 and @xmath1 are calculated using the generalized woods - saxon potential .  ⁇ n the resulting potential contains a woods - saxon potential plus a surface term , which is linearly proportional to the derivative of a woods - saxon function .  ⁇ n the calculated binding energies of the single - particle and single - hole neutron orbitals are in good agreement with the experimental values .  ⁇ n the surface term of the gws potential is found to be a significant factor in the binding energies of the single - particle and single - hole neutron states .  ⁇ n the surface term of the gws potential is found to be a significant factor in the binding energies of the single - particle and single - hole neutron states .  ⁇ n the binding energies of the single - particle and single - hole neutron states are found to be
b' the alice collaboration has measured the femtoscopic correlation function for identical pions at low relative momentum in pp collisions at @xmath0 tev .  ⁇ n the femtoscopic correlation function is used to measure the size of the region emitting particles .  ⁇ n the femtoscopic radii are found to scale linearly with the cube root of the pseudorapidity density .  ⁇ n the femtoscopic radii are found to decrease with increasing pair transverse momentum .  ⁇ n the scaling between the minimum - bias pp and heavy - ion collision data is also discussed .  ⁇ n the comparison of the pp dataset for all @xmath1 tev to the heavy - ion collision data , including the alice central collision point , is also discussed for the first time .  ⁇ n pacs numbers : 25.75.-q , 25.75.-q , 25.75.-q '
b' we study the timescale of mass segregation in a star cluster .  ⁇ n the probability distribution functions of the major and minor components are approximated by pdfs of collisionless systems .  ⁇ n the major - component pdf is a parameterized family of steady - state pdfs for which the degree of mass segregation is allowed to change .  ⁇ n the major - component pdf is used to obtain the energy loss per unit time from the minor component due to encounters with the major component .  ⁇ n the rate of change of the minor - component pdf yields the timescale of mass segregation .  ⁇ n we compare our result with those for relevant timescales , including the pioneering work of spitzer ( 1969 ) .  ⁇ n we also use our result to discuss the origin of a black hole with mass of @xmath0 found in a young star cluster of the starburst galaxy m82 . '
b' phenix is a large , widely spread collaboration where many organizations from many countries participate .  ⁇ n distributed data ( experimental and simulated ) , distributed computing facilities and distributed users is our reality .  ⁇ n we have to emphasize a range of common things and features in grid computing for hep .  ⁇ n we recognized that using globus tools is now standard de facto for distributed systems in hep .  ⁇ n however different projects use different cataloging engines : globus replica / file catalog , other types of file catalogs , job submission with globus tools ; wan in conjunction with other data moving protocols ; monitoring tools .  ⁇ n that is not surprising because phenix is not exclusion .  ⁇ n that means phenix needs several common tools ( globus replica / file catalog ) for data distribution inside collaboration .  ⁇ n that means phenix needs several common tools ( globus replica / file catalog ) .  ⁇ n phenix , distributed computing , globus , wan , monitoring tools '
b' we consider the problem of determining the visibility graph of a simple polygon .  ⁇ n we show that if a simple polygon visibility graph does not satisfy all four of the four necessary conditions , then it is necessary to determine a simple polygon visibility graph in polynomial time .  ⁇ n we also give a new algorithm for determining the visibility graph of a simple polygon . '
b' we present confocal microscopy measurements of the local membrane shape of a single adhesive colloidal particle adhered to giant unilamellar vesicles .  ⁇ n we find that the particle is either fully wrapped by the membrane or not wrapped at all , depending on the adhesion strength .  ⁇ n next , we measure the interaction potential for particles in these two states and we find that only wrapped particles show a reversible attraction , which implies that the attraction is purely caused by the membrane deformation .  ⁇ n monte carlo simulations of the bending - mediated interaction between wrapped particles yield an interaction potential quantitatively agree with the experimental result .  ⁇ n we conclude that the measured attraction caused by lipid membrane deformations is scale - independent . '
b' the scattering of thermal and hyperthermal energy heavy gas particles from surfaces composed of atoms of smaller mass presents an interesting problem because most of the incident beam is trapped at the surface and then subsequently desorbed after spending a substantial amount of time in the phy
b' we investigate the transport properties of a quantum dot with a lead - transposing reflection symmetry .  ⁇ n we derive the joint probability density of transmission eigenvalues , which determine all stationary transport properties , for an arbitrary number of open channels supported by the leads attached to the dot .  ⁇ n the density of the transmission eigenvalues turns out to take a particularly simple form .  ⁇ n a striking signature of the solution is the absence of any non trivial dependence of the ensemble - averaged conductance and shot noise on the number of open transport channels .  ⁇ n this prediction is confirmed numerically for stadium billiards with different geometries .  ⁇ n our theory also explains the deviations from standard random - matrix theory observed in earlier numerical investigations . '
b' we present a medium to high dispersion spectroscopic study of the emission from the magellanic stream ( ms ) .  ⁇ n we detected two emission regions , ms iv - c ( 23:44:34.8,-12:23:20,j2000.0 ) and ms iv - d ( 23:40:49.0,-10:45:32,j2000.0 ) .  ⁇ 
b' the set of polynomial invariant quantities of a three qubit symmetric state is calculated explicitly and their full achievable region is calculated .  ⁇ n the entanglement of an @xmath0 qubit state , as defined by any measure , remains invariant under local unitary operators of the form @xmath1 , where @xmath2 is the kempe invariant .  ⁇ n the entanglement of an @xmath3 qubit state , as defined by any measure , remains invariant under local unitary operators of the form @xmath4 , where @xmath5 is the kempe invariant .  ⁇ n the set of polynomial invariant quantities of a multi - qubit state is not limited to entanglement measures , however .  ⁇ n the set of polynomial invariant quantities of a multi - qubit state is not limited to entanglement measures , however .  ⁇ n the set of polynomial invariant quantities of a multi 
b' we present a study of the swing amplification mechanism in disc galaxies - body simulations .  ⁇ n we use the p - ellipse orbit approximation to study the dynamical evolution of grand - design spirals .  ⁇ n we find that the swing amplification mechanism is a combination of three aspects : shearing flow , epicyclic motions , and the self - gravity of stars .  ⁇ n we also find that the swing amplification mechanism is a combination of the shearing flow , epicyclic motions , and the disc self - gravity .  ⁇ n we find that the swing amplification mechanism is a combination of the shearing flow , epicyclic motions , and the disc self - gravity .  ⁇ n we also find that the swing amplification mechanism is a combination of the shearing flow , epicyclic motions , and the disc self - gravity .  ⁇ n we also find that the swing amplification mechanism is a combination of the shearing flow 
b' we present a real space theory of the onset of dynamical arrest and the associated crossovers between different dynamical regimes displayed by supercooled liquids through their melting temperature towards the glass transition .  ⁇ n our analysis shows that the onset of slowing down can be understood in a simple physical way in terms of the dynamical properties of effective excitations , or defects , as a progressive crossover from a regime of fast dynamics dense in defect clusters , to one of slow heterogeneous dynamics dominated by isolated localized defects .  ⁇ n this real space picture explains the observed crossover temperatures , challenges the idea that these crossovers are related to changes in the topography of the energy surface or to mode coupling theory singularities , and is able to account for the apparent correlations between  ⁇  landscape '' and dynamical properties . '
b' we derive an expression for the quantum state of the twin photons generated by spontaneous parametric downconversion .  ⁇ n the main idea is that when a single photon is converted into two photons inside a nonlinear crystal , there is a fundamental uncertainty in the location and the time when the photon pair is generated .  ⁇ n this fact requires that we coherently sum all possible probability amplitudes for this event .  ⁇ n the interference of amplitudes for generation at different positions leads to energy entanglement while the interference of amplitudes for generation at different positions leads to momentum entanglement .  ⁇ n we discuss some consequences of the system entanglement . '
b' we present a simple model to describe the time - dependent emission of tev blazars .  ⁇ n the model assumes a spherical source filled with a tangled magnetic field and relativistic electrons .  ⁇ n the electrons inside the source produce synchrotron emission and also up - scatter part of this emission to tev energies .  ⁇ n this process is usually assumed to be a synchrotron self - compton process .  ⁇ n we show that the model can be used to describe the time - dependent emission of tev blazars .  ⁇ n we also show that the model can be used to describe the evolution of the emission during the periods of activity .  ⁇ n we show that the model can be used to constrain the physical parameters of the source .  ⁇ n we also show that the model can be used to constrain the magnetic field strength and doppler factor of tev blazars .  ⁇ n tev blazars , inverse - compton scattering , light crossing time effects
b' we investigate the gate instability / hysteresis in p - type modulation - doped algaas / gaas heterostructures .  ⁇ n we show that the gate instability / hysteresis is caused by a complex interplay between surface - state trapping and gate - induced charge migration within the doping layer .  ⁇ n we use three different experimental approaches : first , we rule out direct charge leakage between the gate and semiconductor by studying devices where an insulator layer is deposited underneath the gates ; two insulators , al@xmath0o@xmath1 and polyimide , were investigated .  ⁇ n we find that insulating the gates does not eliminate the hysteresis , instead , it makes the hysteresis significantly worse .  ⁇ n a recent study of a quantum point contact featuring hfo@xmath1-insulated gates shows that insulating the gates does not eliminate the hysteresis , instead , it
b' we study the collective behavior of a population of pulse - coupled nonlinear oscillators .  ⁇ n the phase of each oscillator evolves linearly in time until one of them reaches the threshold value .  ⁇ n when this happens the oscillator fires and changes the state of its rightmost neighbor according to a certain time - dependent condition .  ⁇ n we study some pattern properties and get a quantitative estimation of the probability of pattern selection under arbitrary initial conditions or , in the language of dynamical systems , the volume of the basin of attraction of each pattern .  ⁇ n we also show that the probability of pattern selection depends on the initial conditions and the time - dependent condition .  ⁇ n we also show that the probability of pattern selection depends on the initial conditions .  ⁇ 
b' we study the effect of long - range electrostatic interactions on the transport properties of one - dimensional arrays of metallic nanoparticles .  ⁇ n the interaction is described by an inverse capacitance matrix , in which coupling to other conductors is not truncated .  ⁇ n the matrix is calculated including the effect of screening and the current is computed numerically .  ⁇ n some analytical approximations are also discussed and compared with the numerical results .  ⁇ n this comparison allows us to understand the origin of the behavior found .  ⁇ n we put forward a model to describe the electrostatic interactions among the islands and the electrodes , which allows for a clear description of the relevant contributions to the transport .  ⁇ n in particular , we introduce the concept of polarization potential drop at the junctions between the nanoparticles .  ⁇ n we analyze the threshold voltage , i - v characteristics and voltage drop for the cases with and without charge or junction resistance disorder .  ⁇ 
b' we study a certain model with infinitely many absorbing states .  ⁇ n we show that at a certain value of a control parameter , these models undergo a transition between active and absorbing phases .  ⁇ n the interesting point is a novel type of this transition : it seems to combine some features of both discontinuous and continuous transitions .  ⁇ n namely , at @xmath0 an order parameter jumps discontinuously to zero but in addition to that the order parameter has a power - law singularity upon approaching the transition point from the active phase .  ⁇ n moreover , some elementary arguments , supported by monte carlo simulations , prompted us to predict the exact location of the transition point , namely , @xmath1 .  ⁇ n both models have a gauge - like symmetry which might be responsible for the unusual behaviour of these models . '
b' in this paper , we present a novel and efficient digital predistortion ( dpd ) technique for a multi - band transmitter with non - contiguous carrier aggregation ( ca ) .  ⁇ n the proposed dpd scheme is based on a _  ⁇ n _  ⁇ n _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
b' we study theoretically the frequency shift and damping rate of the sloshing mode in an anharmonic trap .  ⁇ n we show that the damping of the sloshing mode is a consequence of its coupling to other damped collective modes , in particular to the radial dipole mode and the bending mode .  ⁇ n we also discuss in detail the damping mechanism of the sloshing mode . '
b' the alice silicon pixel detector ( spd ) is a position sensitive tracking system in the innermost layers of the alice apparatus .  ⁇ n the spatial precision and hit efficiency of the spd are key parameters for the alice capability of detecting particles with open heavy - flavour .  ⁇ n early prototypes of the alice spd elements , in the form of single - chip assemblies , were tested in high energy proton / pion beams at the cern sps in 2002 and 2003 .  ⁇ n the performance of the tracking doublets , together with a detailed cluster analysis of the hits , can yield a good determination of the intrinsic spatial precision and hit efficiency of the pixel plane under test .  ⁇ n + the results of the 2002 beam test are presented .  ⁇ n the thickness of the sensor was the same as that used in ladder production .  ⁇ n the performance of the thicker sensor was studied as a function of the threshold and the track incidence angle .  ⁇ n the results of the 2003 beam test are compared with the main results for the
b' we present a detailed study of the assembly of nematic liquid crystal ( lc ) colloids with homeotropic anchoring near surfaces with different anchoring conditions .  ⁇ n we show that the repulsion from the flat surface can be changed into a strong attraction if the surface anchoring conditions are different .  ⁇ 
b' the lattice - boltzmann equation ( lbe ) is used to study the binary fluid problem .  ⁇ n the lbe is formulated in the momentum sector , and the solid - fluid boundary conditions for moving particles are implemented in a consistent manner .  ⁇ 
b' support vector machines ( svms ) are a popular supervised learning model used with associated learning algorithms for multivariate analysis ( mva ) .  ⁇ n however svms , like other mva classifiers , have a number of free parameters which need to be tuned on a case by case basis .  ⁇ 
b' we study the transport properties of graphene in the presence of a strong perpendicular magnetic field .  ⁇ n we show that the quantum spin hall phase is preserved for energies below the quantum hall gap , even for extremely strong magnetic fields or in the presence of disorder .  ⁇ 
b' we present a high - resolution near - infrared spectral atlas for 20 mk - classified stars ranging in spectral type from f to m and in luminosity class from i v .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the steady - state solution of bose - einstein condensates in an one - dimensional periodic optical lattice when both the two - body and three - body interactions are taken into account .  ⁇ n it is found that the tuning - fork bifurcation of steady - state relative population appears when the system parameters are changed to certain critical values .  ⁇ n the existence of three - body interaction not only transforms the bifurcation point of the system but also affects greatly on the self - trapping behaviors of the system associated with the critically stable steady - state solutions .  ⁇ n furthermore , we also discuss the effects of the initial conditions , three - body interaction and the energy bias on the macroscopic quantum self - trapping .  ⁇ n the result shows the relative population oscillation can undergo a process from order to chaos , via a series of period - doubling bifurcations . '
b' we present a set of chemically consistent spiral galaxy models with a range of star formation histories specifying the spectral types @xmath0 .  ⁇ n our models are very simple 1-zone models with the smallest number of parameters in order to see how far we can get and what kind of sophistication is required by a comparison with observed galaxy properties .  ⁇ n our unified spectrophotometric and chemical evolutionary synthesis models allow to have a large number of observational constraints spectrophotometric properties including gaseous emission and stellar absorption features as well as ism abundances .  ⁇ n while in the local universe a 11 - correspondance between spectral types and morphological types is a long standing matter of fact it is also clear that this correspondance has to break down at some yet unknown stage when going back towards the earliest phases of galaxy evolution and formation .  ⁇ n while in the local universe a 11 - correspondance is a long standing matter of fact it is also clear that this correspondance has to break down at some yet unknown stage when going back towards the earliest phases of galaxy evolution and formation
b' the superposition rule for the tomographic and diagonal representations of quantum states is considered .  ⁇ n the superposition rule is given in terms of the density operator .  ⁇ n the superposition rule for the tomograms and weight functions of the diagonal representation is obtained .  ⁇ n the formulation of the separability and entanglement properties of composed system in the tomographic and diagonal representations is discussed . '
b' we study the rotation of a phenyl molecule in space , using a non - resonant laser pulse .  ⁇ n we show that the induced dipole moment of the molecule can be tuned by the laser pulse .  ⁇ 
b' we present optical spectra of three class i sources in the taurus - auriga cloud .  ⁇ n we identify tio absorption bands in three sources ; one other star may have tio features and a fifth star may have k - type absorption features .  ⁇ n we use optical spectra of t tauri stars to calibrate the spectral types of class i sources and then construct a complete hr diagram for the taurus - auriga cloud .  ⁇ n these data , coupled with new evolutionary tracks for protostars accreting from discs and two spectral types derived from near - ir spectra , show that class i sources in taurus - auriga mingle with t tauri stars and lie below the birthline in the hr diagram .  ⁇ n we also detect strong emission lines on the spectra of all protostars .  ⁇ n forbidden emission from [ n ii ] and [ s ii ] is much more common among class
b' we present a detailed analysis of the x ray spectra of the z sources .  ⁇ n we show that the spectra of the z sources are dominated by compton scattering of seed photons by electrons .  ⁇ n we show that the spectra of the z sources are dominated by a compton reflected spectrum , and that the spectra of the z sources are dominated by a compton reflected spectrum .  ⁇ 
b' we present the characteristics and performances of a demonstrative experiment devoted to the observation of ultra high energy cosmic rays extensive air showers using a radiodetection technique .  ⁇ n the codalema experiment was set up at the nanay radio observatory in 2003 .  ⁇ n it uses 6 of the 144 log - periodic antennas constituting the decametric array ( dam ) .  ⁇ 
b' we present a theoretical study of the optical excitations in poly - diacetylene chains .  ⁇ n the model hamiltonian is a one - dimensional hamiltonian that describes the electrons mutual interaction and their interaction with the lattice potential .  ⁇ n the model is based on the hamiltonian of a single - particle hamiltonian with a single - particle gap of @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the model is based on the hamiltonian of a single - particle hamiltonian with a single - particle gap of @
b' we study the diffusion of particles in a narrow channel of variable transverse area .  ⁇ n we derive the non - linear fokker - planck equation for interacting particles .  ⁇ n we use the expression for the particle current derived from the fick - jacobs equation to obtain a non - linear fick - jacobs equation that takes into account the hard - core interaction .  ⁇ n we test the fick - jacobs equation by solving it using the two cavities depicted in the paper .  ⁇ n we compare the results obtained from monte carlo simulations with the one obtained from monte carlo simulations . '
b' we present the results of a photometric campaign of the cataclysmic variable mct 2347 - 3144 .  ⁇ n the light curves of the two observing runs were taken in 2002 and 2003 .  ⁇ 
b' we present hi 21-cm line observations of the tidal dwarf galaxy arp 181 .  ⁇ n the hi observations were obtained with the giant metrewave radio telescope _ ( gmrt ) _ on december 31st , 2008 .  ⁇ n the hi line widths of the two galaxies are @xmath0 0.1 , @xmath0 0.3 and @x
b' we discuss a new model of maxwell s demon , which is autonomous but possesses separated measurement and feedback processes .  ⁇ n the key ingredient in the model is an additional stochastic variable , which plays a role of separating the measurement phase and the feedback phase .  ⁇ n an integral fluctuation theorem with the mutual information can be derived for this model , which is more similar to another integral fluctuation theorem satisfied in szilard - engine type demons than to that for autonomous bipartite demons .  ⁇ n the key ingredient in the model is an additional stochastic variable , which plays a role of separating the measurement phase and the feedback phase .  ⁇ n the ift with the mutual information can be derived for this model , which is more similar to another ift satisfied in szilard - engine type demons than to that for autonomous bipartite demons . '
b' i present a meta - analysis of published metallicities at the explosion site of broad - lined supernovae ( sne ic ) with and without long - duration gamma - ray bursts ( grbs ) .  ⁇ 
b' we analyse the critical behaviour of the ising quantum chain with aperiodic ( dis-)order .  ⁇ n we show that the renormalisation flow can be derived explicitly for arbitrary substitution rules , based on the decimation process .  ⁇ n the dependence of the renormalisation flow on the nature of the fluctuations of the coupling constants is shown and the consequences of our results for the critical behaviour of the model are discussed .  ⁇ 
b' we present a novel method to classify highly nonlinear profiles from corrosion tests .  ⁇ 
b' we present a set of geometrodynamical methods for determining distances to high - velocity clouds ( hvcs ) .  ⁇ n the methods are based on the assumption that the magellanic stream is a stream of hi , and use heliocentric radial velocities corrected to the galactic standard of rest .  ⁇ 
b' we propose that the value of the higgs boson cubic self - coupling is one such observable .  ⁇ n we show that models leading to a first - order electroweak phase transition predict a large ( typically order - one ) deviation of the higgs boson cubic coupling from its standard model value .  ⁇ n we show that this is the case in three toy models , which capture three basic mechanisms for obtaining a first - order electroweak phase transition : loop - induced corrections to the higgs effective potential , nonrenormalizable operators in the potential , and mixing between the weak - doublet higgs and singlet scalars at the weak scale .  ⁇ n the only exceptions to this statement are due to accidental cancellations between large corrections to the higgs self - coupling of different origins .  ⁇ n we show that the correlation between a strong first - order electroweak phase transition and a large deviation of the higgs self - coupling from its standard model value is quite unlikely .  ⁇ 
b' we study the dynamics of conduction electrons in the background of magnetic ions .  ⁇ n we consider a double exchange model with a strong hund s interaction and a very large core spin .  ⁇ n we show that the berry phase of a single spin is incompatible with quantum mechanics of spins .  ⁇ n we also show that the berry phase of a single spin is incompatible with quantum mechanics of spins . '
b' we study the motion of test particles in the braneworld black hole models .  ⁇ n we consider the case of a spherically symmetric , spherically symmetric , and spherically symmetric spacetime .  ⁇ n we consider the case of a spherically symmetric spacetime , in which the tidal weyl parameter @xmath0 plays the role of the electric charge squared of the braneworld model .  ⁇ n we show that the tidal weyl parameter @xmath0 plays the role of the electric charge squared of the braneworld model .  ⁇ n we also discuss the possibility of testing the braneworld black hole models at an astrophysical scale . '
b' we present a study of the evolutionary status of the low accretion rate polars ( larps ) sdss121209.31 + 013627.7 and sdss121209.31 + 013627.7 .  ⁇ n we find that the accretion rate is a factor of two lower than that of the normal polars , and that the accretion rate is a factor of two lower than that of the larps .  ⁇ n we also find that the accretion rate is a factor of two higher than that of the larps .  ⁇ n we also find that the accretion rate is a factor of two higher than that of the normal polars .  ⁇ n we also find that the accretion rate is a factor of two higher than that of the larps .  ⁇ n we also find that the accretion rate is a factor of two higher than that of the larps .  ⁇ n we also find that the accretion rate is a factor
b' we present a new model for diffractive deep inelastic scattering based on soft colour interaction ( sci ) .  ⁇ n the model is based on the qcd sum rules and is able to reproduce the diffractive data in a phenomenological way .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new approach to the description of heavy hadronic molecules based on hqss and hfs .  ⁇ n we make use of these symmetries to obtain a family of heavy meson - doubly heavy baryons that could also be interpreted as triply heavy pentaquarks .  ⁇ n we also discuss hads and its implications . '
b' given a collection of rooted phylogenetic trees with partially overlapping taxon sets , @xmath0 is called a profile .  ⁇ n the trees in @xmath0 are the input trees .  ⁇ n the question now is whether there exists a tree @xmath1 whose taxon set is the union of the taxon sets of the input trees , such that @xmath1 exhibits not only the clusterings among the taxa , but also the ancestor / descendant relationships among taxa in the input trees .  ⁇ n our main result is a @xmath2 algorithm for the tree compatibility problem , where @xmath3 is the total number of nodes and edges in the trees in @xmath0 .  ⁇ n our main result is a @xmath2 algorithm for the compatibility problem for trees with nested taxa , where @xmath3 is the total number of nodes and edges in the trees in @xmath0 . '
b' we consider the effect of macroscopic motion of a fluid on small particles which have insignificant inertia .  ⁇ n we show that the saffman - turner formula for the collision rate describes an initial transient of the problem .  ⁇ n the saffman - turner estimate describes an initial transient only .  ⁇ n for particles suspended in incompressible flows , the collision rate falls below the initial transient , which constitutes an upper bound .  ⁇ n for particles advected in a compressible flow , however , homoogeneously distributed particles will cluster in a compressible fluid .  ⁇ n the clustering may increase the collision rate beyond its initial transient .  ⁇ n we give an exact expression for the collision rate in the limit where the kubo number approaches zero .  ⁇ n we also give an exact expression for the collision rate in the limit where the kubo number approaches zero .  ⁇ n we also give an exact expression for the collision rate in the limit where the kubo number approaches zero .  ⁇ n we show
b' we present a new method to calculate the higher order bose - einstein correlation ( bec ) of three - charged particles .  ⁇ n the method is based on the coulomb wave functions of the two - body collisions .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a masked photocathode that separates the photo emissive material from the accelerating vacuum chamber using an electrode with a small opening hole .  ⁇ n this removes the dark current and the secondary electron emission from the photocathode material .  ⁇ n furthermore , by rotating the photocathode behind the mask electrode , a new photo emissive surface can be put into use through the opening hole .  ⁇ n such a rotation can be done within minutes without taking the whole photocathode out .  ⁇ n this significantly increases the usage lifetime of the photocathode by order of magnitude .  ⁇ n meanwhile the opening hole also provides a transverse cut - off to the gaussian laser beam .  ⁇ n this result in a more uniform transverse density distribution that helps reduce the beam emittance growth from the nonlinear space - charge effects . '
b' we study the effect of disorder on the transport properties of a bose - einstein condensate in an optical lattice with diagonal ( _ i.e. _ with random on - site energy ) randomness .  ⁇ n we show that the coulomb long - range potential can be controlled by a single parameter .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the sensitivity of multi - dimensional simulations of nova outbursts to the outer boundary conditions .  ⁇ n we show that the early stages of the flash phase , for which the evolution is still almost quasi - static , are highly sensitive to the outer boundary conditions .  ⁇ n we argue that the sensitivity is certainly not a problem of resolution .  ⁇ n the main issue addressed in this study is the question of proper boundary conditions for multi - dimensional simulations during the explosion phase .  ⁇ n we show that different , commonly used , mass outflow conditions at the outer boundary can make the difference between a successful runaway model and a model for which the runaway is artificially quenched .  ⁇ n we conclude with a recommendation for boundary conditions that are consistent with the physics of the problem . '
b' we investigate two - state discrete - time quantum walks ( qws ) in one dimension interacting with spatially or temporally random defects .  ⁇ n we show that the qws with spatial disorder exhibit delocalized behaviors .  ⁇ n this remarkable conclusion is drawn by extensive numerical calculations , and is further ensured by symmetry arguments for the 1d chiral class .  ⁇ n we also find that the edge states in the topological phase are robust for spatial disorder but not for temporal disorder . '
b' we study the collective behavior of interacting brownian motors in the presence of a time - dependent asymmetric potential field .  ⁇ n the model is based on the asymmetric exclusion processes ( asep ) and the corresponding non - viscous burgers equation .  ⁇ n the steady - state behavior of a defined motor density is analyzed as the solutions to the corresponding non - viscous burgers equation .  ⁇ 
b' we present the first results of a program to measure the redshift of the lensing galaxy in the gravitational lens system b1422 + 231 and pg1115 + 080 .  ⁇ n the time delay is measured using the lris instrument at the keck ii telescope .  ⁇ n the redshift of the lensing galaxy is found to be @xmath0 , and the redshift of the cluster of galaxies is @xmath1 .  ⁇ n the velocity dispersion of the stars within the lensing galaxy is @xmath2 .  ⁇ n the velocity dispersion of the stars is @xmath3 .  ⁇ n the velocity dispersion of the stars is @xmath4 .  ⁇ n the lensing galaxy is a group of galaxies with a redshift of @xmath5 .  ⁇ 
b' the spectral properties of a large variety of atoms and ions are studied in the framework of the relativistic breit - pauli approach .  ⁇ n the relativistic effects are taken into account in the form of the eigenvalue problem .  ⁇ n the eigenvalue problem is solved in the relativistic framework .  ⁇ n the eigenvalue problem is solved in the relativistic framework .  ⁇ n the eigenvalue problem is solved in the relativistic framework .  ⁇ n the eigenvalue problem is solved in the relativistic framework .  ⁇ n the eigenvalue problem is solved in the relativistic framework .  ⁇ n the eigenvalue problem is solved in the relativistic framework .  ⁇ n the eigenvalue problem is solved in the relativistic framework .  ⁇ n the eigenvalue problem is solved in the relativistic framework .  ⁇ n the eigenvalue problem is solved in the relativistic framework .  ⁇ n the eigenvalue problem is solved in the relativistic framework .  ⁇ 
b' we examine the nature of phase transitions in the blume - capel model with a site dependent anisotropy .  ⁇ n we find that the local density approximation ( lda ) is not valid in the presence of a spatially varying potential .  ⁇ n we also find that the lda is not valid in the presence of a spatially varying potential .  ⁇ n we also find that the lda is not valid in the presence of a spatially varying potential . '
b' the interplay between the large hadron collider ( lhc ) and the international linear collider ( ilc ) is investigated in a quantitative manner .  ⁇ n the lhc / ilc study group has been formed as a collaborative effort of the hadron collider and linear collider experimental communities and theorists .  ⁇ n the possible synergy from concurrent operation of the lhc and ilc in different scenarios of physics at the tev scale has been studied .  ⁇ n it has been demonstrated that the lhc / ilc interplay will extend the physics potential of the lhc and ilc .  ⁇ n the lhc / ilc interplay is a promising tool to explore the physics potential of the lhc and ilc .  ⁇ n lhc / ilc , lhc , ilc , lhc , ilc '
b' we present a pedagogical example of how emission lines of different transitions can be used to constrain the structure and dynamics of the inner disk .  ⁇ n we discuss the main results of this study : ( i ) line ratios of different transitions constrain the excitation mechanism ( shocks , uv or x - rays ) and the temperature of the gas responsible of the emission ; ( ii ) line shapes and spatial extended provide constraints on the size and geometry of the emitting region as well as the dynamics of the emitting gas ; ( iii ) line shapes and spatial extended provide constraints on the size and geometry of the emitting region as well as the dynamics of the emitting gas .  ⁇ n we discuss the implications of these results for the formation of giant planets and the formation of giant planets . '
b' we study the stability of two dimensional bravais lattices with high symmetry properties , namely the square lattice and the hexagonal lattice .  ⁇ n we use the nearest neighbour approximation to derive analytic expressions for the dispersion relations of both lattices .  ⁇ n we show that , in the case of a finite ranged repulsive pair potential , the square lattice is unstable for all values of the density .  ⁇ n we also give a criterion determining the range of densities for which the hexagonal lattice is stable .  ⁇ n we apply our results to a two dimensional system of ultracold composite bosons , and we infer that , for values of the mass ratio and density leading to a crystalline phase , the system crystallises into a hexagonal lattice . '
b' i discuss some of the issues and criticisms of both observers and simulations .  ⁇ 
b' we present numerical simulations of the dynamical interaction of two stellar disks at larger radii around the central supermassive black hole ( smbh ) .  ⁇ 
b' the urqmd model is applied to describe the phenomenology of the underlying hadron - hadron interactions in high energy heavy ion collisions .  ⁇ 
b' we study the energy spectrum of a one - dimensional fermi gas consisting of a single impurity and a fermi sea one particle at a time .  ⁇ n we use a combination of exact numerical calculations and a tight - binding model to study the energy spectrum for different interaction strengths and for different system sizes .  ⁇ 
b' the very small array ( vsa ) is a 14-element interferometric telescope designed to image faint structures in the cosmic microwave background ( cmb ) on degree and sub - degree angular scale
b' we present a new method to determine the strength of the galactic magnetic field from the polarization angle of a compact radio source .  ⁇ 
b' this review focuses specifically on what we have learned about the progenitors of core - collapse supernovae ( cc sne ) .  ⁇ n this review focuses on what we have learned about the progenitors of cc sne , and focuses on what we have learned about the progenitors of cc sne .  ⁇ n a summary of overall results to date for each sn type is then given , followed by a brief discussion of outstanding questions and areas in which future progress is likely . '
b' we present results from four sessions of 6 cm vlbi observations of the gravitational lens 0957 + 561 .  ⁇ n the a and b images were observed simultaneously in 12 minute scans at intervals of 30 minutes .  ⁇ n the a and b images were separated by the presumed time delay of 1.5yr .  ⁇ n the a and b images were analyzed in a manner consistent with the vla light - curves .  ⁇ 
b' the feasibility of measuring the half - life of neutron - rich nuclei by the velocity difference method for the decay in the target ( dit ) and the method to measure the horizontal neutron position distribution following the decay in a magnetic field ( dimf ) is investigated .  ⁇ n the single neutron decay of the reaction c(-p)@xmath0b + n was used as a test case .  ⁇ 
b' the statistical toolkit is a statistical data analysis toolkit for the problem of comparing data distributions .  ⁇ n it is a unified software development process , which is driven by the needs of its experimental applications .  ⁇ n the first development cycles of the statistical toolkit implemented a set of goodness - of - fit tests for the two - sample problem , i.e. for the comparison of two distributions .  ⁇ n these developments were motivated by experimental requirements for regression testing , validation of simulation with respect to experimental data , comparison of expected versus reconstructed distributions , and more in general for the comparison of data from different sources .  ⁇ n new requirements have been identified , based on the experience of using the statistical toolkit in several analyses for the validation of geant4 physics models .  ⁇ n these projects highlighted the need for complementary functionality , beyond the problem of assessing the compatibility of individual data distributions , and more in general for the comparison of data from different sources .  ⁇ 
b' we study the development of the weibel instability in a system of counter - streaming electron and ion beams .  ⁇ n the electrons are assumed to be in a uniform bi - maxwellian velocity distribution .  ⁇ n the electrons are confined to the front of the rarefaction wave and accelerated by the rarefaction wave .  ⁇ n the rarefaction wave is launched by the rarefaction wave and the modulus of the electron momentum along the density gradient is reduced by these processes .  ⁇ n the rarefaction wave is slowed down and reflected inelastically by the electric field of the rarefaction wave .  ⁇ n the rarefaction wave is slowed down and reflected inelastically by the electric field of the rarefaction wave .  ⁇ n the rarefaction wave is slowed down and reflected inelastically by the electric field of the rarefaction wave .  ⁇ n the rarefaction wave is slowed down and reflected inelastically by the electric field of the rarefaction wave .  ⁇ n the raref
b' the ratios between the yields of charged pions , the directed and elliptic flows of pion mesons in central and semi - peripheral intermediate - energy heavy ion collisions are studied in the framework of the ultrarelativistic quantum molecular dynamics ( urqmd ) transport model .  ⁇ 
b' this review is about the collective behaviour of a large number of constituents in a fluid .  ⁇ 
b' we present a unified classification scheme for l and t dwarfs based on spectral features and continuum slopes in the optical ( 0.61.0@xmath0 m ) .  ⁇ n we use new and published spectra of 25 l and 17 t dwarfs in the 0.6 - 2.5 @xmath0 m region .  ⁇ n we find that the l and t dwarfs are systematically more luminous than the t dwarfs .  ⁇ n we also find that the t dwarfs are more luminous than the l dwarfs .  ⁇ n we discuss the implications of this result for the l and t dwarfs . '
b' we study the evolution of the galaxy correlation function in the cdm model .  ⁇ n we show that the cdm model with the cobe normalization produces a mass function higher than that given by the observations .  ⁇ n we also show that the cdm model with the cobe normalization produces a temperature function higher than that given by the observations .  ⁇ n we also show that the cdm model with the cobe normalization produces a mass function higher than that given by the observations .  ⁇ n we also show that the cdm model with the cobe normalization produces a mass function higher than that given by the observations . '
b' we present a continuum thermomechanical framework for the large elasto - viscoplastic deformation of amorphous solids .  ⁇ 
b' a numerical approach is presented to solve the full time - dependent schrdinger equation of two interacting atoms in a single - well or multiple - well optical lattice .  ⁇ n the hamiltonian is first separated into relative motion and center - of - mass motion .  ⁇ n the different length scales are covered by expanding the relative motion and center - of - mass wave functions in spherical harmonics and a flexible basis of splines for the radial part of the full lattice hamiltonian .  ⁇ n the eigenfunctions of the relative motion and center - of - mass wave functions are used to determine the full eigenfunctions .  ⁇ n the eigenfunctions of the center - of - mass wave function are used to determine the full eigenfunctions .  ⁇ n the eigenfunctions of the relative motion and center - of - mass wave function are used to determine the full eigenfunctions .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a search for cepheid variables in the galactic plane using near - infrared data from the vista variables of the via lactea ( vvv ) survey .  ⁇ n we have identified a sample of 58 cepheid variables with a median exposure time of @xmath0 s , and a median extinction of @xmath1 .  ⁇ 
b' we study the effect of deep - brain stimulation on the bursting behavior of neurons .  ⁇ 
b' we review the current status of spectroscopic studies of molecular clouds .  ⁇ 
b' we present new ccd images of the q0957 + 561 a , b gravitational lens .  ⁇ n the quasar was monitored over a 10 day time interval , and the time delay was determined to a fraction of a day .  ⁇ n the time delay was determined to be @xmath0 days .  ⁇ 
b' in this paper , we propose a new soft - input - soft - output ( siso ) decoding algorithm for reed - solomon ( rs ) codes .  ⁇ n the algorithm is based on the binary image expansion of rs codes .  ⁇ n the resulting siso decoding algorithm is a hybrid of the koetter - vardy ( kv ) algorithm and the box and match algorithm ( bma ) .  ⁇ n the resulting siso decoding algorithm is a hybrid of the kv and bma decoding algorithms .  ⁇ n the resulting siso decoding algorithm is a hybrid of the kv and bma decoding algorithms .  ⁇ n the proposed algorithm is a generalization of the kv algorithm for rs codes .  ⁇ 
b' we calculate the scattering length and cross - section of ground state mg atoms as a function of the collision energy .  ⁇ n we use a potential constructed from high resolution spectra of the magnesium dimer measured by balfour and douglas .  ⁇ n the scattering length and cross - section are calculated as a function of the collision energy .  ⁇ 
b' we study the spreading of entanglement in a one - dimensional many - body localized system with short - range interactions .  ⁇ n we use exact diagonalization of the random - field xxz hamiltonian to study the spreading of entanglement .  ⁇ 
b' we study the prospects for detecting primordial non - gaussianity in the cosmic microwave background ( cmb ) and large scale structure ( ls
b' we review the simplest example of a d brane , involving a d brane .  ⁇ 
b' we have performed neutron diffraction experiments on solid @xmath0he to look for traces of a supersolid transition in the bulk material .  ⁇ n the neutron diffraction cross section is proportional to the square of the fourier transform of the nuclear density distribution in space and time .  ⁇ n if the nuclei form a crystal lattice , then this fourier transform yields bragg peaks with an intensity proportional to the unit cell structure factor and the debye - waller factor , from which the mean square displacement of the @xmath0he nuclei can be extracted .  ⁇ n if the nuclei form a crystal lattice , then this fourier transform yields bragg peaks with an intensity proportional to the unit cell structure factor and the debye - waller factor .  ⁇ n if the nuclei form a crystal lattice , then this fourier transform yields bragg peaks with an intensity proportional to the debye - waller factor .  ⁇ n if the nu
b' we have studied the extinction properties of composite grains consisting of silicate and amorphous carbon as constituent materials .  ⁇ n the composite grain models have been derived using the discrete dipole approximation ( dda ) .  ⁇ n the extinction curves of the composite grains have been calculated using the dda .  ⁇ n the extinction curves of the composite grains have been compared with the observed iras fluxes .  ⁇ 
b' we study the azimuthal decorrelations in mueller navelet jets at large rapidity separations using the balistky fadin kuraev  ⁇ n patov equation .  ⁇ n we show that the choice of rapidity variable removes the dependence on the parton distribution functions in normalized cross sections .  ⁇ n we also study the structure of the scale invariant next to leading bfkl kernel with full angular dependence .  ⁇ n we show how the convergence of this kernel in terms of asymptotic intercepts is poor for zero conformal spin while being much better for larger ones .  ⁇ n after this , a prescription to improve the collinear structure of the kernel using a shifted anomalous dimension for the full angular dependence is derived .  ⁇ n we use these kernels to make predictions for hadron colliders .  ⁇ n we further discuss the need of a collinear resummation to generate stable results against a change of renormalization scheme . '
b' we study the statistical mechanics of a hamiltonian system with noncommutative space - time .  ⁇ n the symplectic structure of the phase space naturally defines the poisson brackets and liouville volume and the kinematics is then defined in a coordinate - independent manner on the phase space .  ⁇ n the symplectic structure covariantly determines the poisson brackets and liouville volume and the kinematics are then defined in a coordinate - independent manner on the phase space .  ⁇ n the symplectic structure is then used to determine the fundamental canonical poisson brackets and the kinematics .  ⁇ n the symplectic structure is then used to determine the kinematics and the liouville volume for the system under consideration .  ⁇ n the symplectic structure is then used to determine the kinematics and the liouville volume for the system under consideration .  ⁇ 
b' we study the sedimentation equilibrium profile of st2 water , a liquid - crystal system characterized by a liquid - liquid transition .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the fragmentation of a magnetized cloud in the course of binary star formation .  ⁇ 
b' we calculate the decay constants of heavy - light mesons , in terms of integrals over momentum - space bound - state wave functions .  ⁇ n the relativistic quark model is used to calculate the decay constants of the @xmath0 and @xmath1 states .  ⁇ n we also comment on recent calculations of pseudo - scalar and vector decay constants . '
b' we study the phase diagram of the shastry - sutherland model on a square lattice , using two recently developed methods .  ⁇ 
b' we report on our investigations into low power arm processors for scientific computing .  ⁇ n we have used a linux cluster to implement the worldwide lhc computing grid ( wlcg ) .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new s matrix analysis of lep data on fermion pair production at centre of mass energies well above the z resonance .  ⁇ 
b' the onset of collectivity in the magic shell region of nuclides is analyzed in the framework of a one - body harmonic oscillator model .  ⁇ n the onset of collectivity is characterized by the deformation of the shell gaps n=8 , 20 and 40 , which is characterized by the onset of collectivity through intruder configurations .  ⁇ 
b' we study the process of coherent elastic neutrino - nucleus scattering ( cenns ) on various target nuclei .  ⁇ n we show that the sn neutrino light curves can be studied using the dm detectors .  ⁇ n we also investigate the possibility of observing the cenns using the dm detectors .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the general mixings and interactions of extra neutral gauge boson , @
b' in this work , we propose a new sparse system identification algorithm based on @xmath0-lms .  ⁇ n the proposed algorithm is a variant of the sequential partial update least mean square ( s - lms ) algorithm .  ⁇ n the proposed algorithm is based on a non - convex approximation of @xmath0 norm and exerts respective attractions to zero and non - zero coefficients .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a wide - field imaging survey of the jovian - mass companion to the solar - type star 51 peg .  ⁇ n the survey consists of a wide ( @xmath0 ) field of view , with a limiting magnitude of @xmath135 .  ⁇ 
b' we study the quantum disordering transition in a two - layer heisenberg antiferromagnet at @
b' we show that the compositions of gas giant atmospheres forming through core accretion and subsequent pebble drift affect the c / o and c / h ratios of disk gas .  ⁇ n we use a simple toy model to demonstrate the importance of this effect and present a new set of qualitative predictions on the c / o and c / h ratios in gas giants assembling at different disk radii .  ⁇ n we use a simple toy model to demonstrate the importance of this effect and present a new set
b' we discuss the chiral phase transition in the framework of a composite operator formalism .  ⁇ n the formalism makes use of an effective action for composite operators .  ⁇ n the effective potential admits of a landau expansion around the critical point .  ⁇ n the behaviour of the condensate is well reconstructed by knowing the coefficients ( which are infrared safe ) and the critical exponents .  ⁇ n we show the general agreement with the results following from a landau expansion .  ⁇ n we also discuss the temperature dependence of the ratio of the scalar to pseudoscalar mass .  ⁇ n we show that the ratio of the scalar to pseudoscalar mass is a sensitive indicator of the degree of chiral symmetry breaking .  ⁇ n pacs numbers : 11.30.rd , 12.38.bx , 12.38.bx '
b' we present a detailed investigation of the origin of angular momentum in dark halo halos , based on high - resolution cosmological hydro simulations and analytic approximations .  ⁇ n we find that the mass distribution of specific angular momentum @xmath0 is well fit by a universal profile , with a shape parameter @xmath1 , which is consistent with the standard spin parameter @xmath2 .  ⁇ n the @xmath3 profile is a consequence of mergers , and the @xmath4 profile due to mergers is a consequence of tidal torque theory .  ⁇ n the @xmath4 profile is a consequence of a tidal - torque relation .  ⁇ n the @xmath4 profile is a consequence of a tidal - torque relation .  ⁇ n the @xmath4 profile is a consequence of a merger .  ⁇ n the @x
b' we present a new method for modelling elliptical galaxies .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detrended fluctuation analysis ( dfa ) analysis of daily temperature records for australia .  ⁇ n we find that the dfa spectra are well described by a power - law with a power - law exponent of 0.55 , indicating that the long - time correlations of the daily temperature records are correlated .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new variational approach to the study of strongly correlated fermion systems in a 2d lattice .  ⁇ n the method is based on a tensor network of fermionic operators , which is a set of linear maps of the ground state wave function .  ⁇ n we show that the tensor network anstze , which are based on the multi - scale entanglement renormalization ansatz ( mera ) , can be used to efficiently represent ground states of a wide class of 2d lattice models .  ⁇ n we also discuss the advantages of the tensor network approach in describing the ground state of a 2d hubbard model .  ⁇ 
b' we present the first results from a meron - cluster algorithm which confirms that the critical behavior near a finite temperature phase transition in a model consisting of fermions can be described by the kosterlitz - thouless universality class .  ⁇ 
b' we study the properties of a spin - incoherent luttinger liquid ( sill ) adiabatically connected to superconductors and ferromagnets .  ⁇ n we show that the sill can be identified in various types of transport measurements , and in the dynamics of a coupled ferromagnet .  ⁇ n we also show that the sill can be identified in the dynamics of a coupled ferromagnet . '
b' we present a novel procedure for the classification of eclipsing binaries , which is based on the most comprehensive set of rules for the classification of eclipsing binaries , while requiring only light curve parameters and an estimate of the binary s spectral type or color index .  ⁇ n the procedure was tested with the catalogue of eclipsing variables ( cev ) , which is the world s principal database of eclipsing binaries with available classification .  ⁇ n the procedure was tested with the catalogue of eclipsing variables ( cev ) , which is the world s principal database of eclipsing binaries with available classification .  ⁇ n the method was tested with the catalogue of eclipsing variables ( cev ) , which is the world s principal database of eclipsing binaries with available classification .  ⁇ n the method was tested with the cev catalogue , and the results of a test were compared with those of the catalogue of eclipsing variables ( cev ) .  ⁇ 
b' we derive analytically the mean - square displacement fluctuation for the modified nonlinear schrdinger ( mnls ) equation , which is the integrable model for ultrashort optical pulses .  ⁇ n it follows from our results that the gordon - haus effect for the mnls solitons , as distinct from the nls solitons , can be suppressed by properly adjusting the soliton / fibre parameters , without making use of external means .  ⁇ n we briefly discuss the suitability of this result to actual femtosecond solitons . '
b' we present a molecular mode coupling theory ( mmct ) for the orientational glass - forming system @xmath0 .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed analysis of the x - ray absorption in the afterglows of gamma - ray bursts ( grbs ) .  ⁇ n we find that the x - ray absorption increases with redshift , with the highest column density objects ( @xmath0 ) appearing at the highest redshift .  ⁇ n this result is interpreted as evidence for the detection of absorption by a highly - ionised intergalactic medium .  ⁇ n we also find that the x - ray absorption increases with redshift , with the highest column density objects ( @xmath1 ) appearing at the highest redshift .  ⁇ n this result is consistent with the suggestion that the x - ray absorption is due to photoelectric absorption by intervening systems in grb afterglows .  ⁇ n we interpret this as evidence for the presence of a warm - hot intergalactic medium .  ⁇ 
b' i theoretically show that the vortex penetration process is time dependent due to the surface attractive force , bulk pinning force and internal field repulsive force .  ⁇ n the activation energy of the vortex penetration process is discussed based on the arrenhius relation .  ⁇ n the time dependence of the internal field is also discussed .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a study of the variability properties of the sa94 qso sample .  ⁇ n the r - band variability of the sa94 qso sample is studied .  ⁇ 
b' we present an analysis of uvis observations of the io plasma torus made from 1 october 2000 to 14 november 2000 .  ⁇ n the uvis observations were obtained as a function of time , and the uvis data were analyzed to determine the io plasma torus s azimuthal structure and temporal variability .  ⁇ 
b' the exact bound state solutions of the deng - fan diatomic potential model are obtained by using the exact quantization rule .  ⁇ n the energy levels of all the bound states are easily calculated from this quantization rule .  ⁇ n the results show that the energy levels of the deng - fan molecular potential are very close to the energy levels of the morse potential .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the cosmological implications of a viscous fluid in the context of a unified description of dark matter and dark energy .  ⁇ n we show that the existence of an effective bulk viscous pressure can be traced back to a non - standard self - interacting force on the particles of the gas .  ⁇ n we also investigate the effect of a non - standard self - interacting force on the particles of the gas .  ⁇ 
b' we perform the analysis of the internal linear combination map ( ilc(i ) ) , internal linear combination map ( ilc(iii ) and de oliveira - costa & tegmark ( ref . ) quadrupole and compare their phases with those of the wmapiii foregrounds : combined maps from the synchrotron , free - free , dust emission at k - w band .  ⁇ n we show that combination of the ilc(i ) and the foreground phases @xmath0 and @xmath1 can be interpreted as a signature of the cosmological dipole .  ⁇ n we also show that the ilc(iii ) phase is a signature of the cosmological dipole .  ⁇ n we also show that the ilc(iii ) phase is a signature of the cosmological dipole .  ⁇ n we also show that the ilc(iii ) phase is a signature of the cosmological dipole 
b' pulsars are expected to be born inside the supernova explosions of massive stars .  ⁇ n the pulsar wind nebulae ( pwne ) initially expand in the freely expanding ejecta of the supernova .  ⁇ n the reverse shock wave from the supernova interaction with the surrounding medium makes its way back to the center where it can crush the pwn .  ⁇ n this later phase of evolution has recently been the subject of detailed studies .  ⁇ n i emphasize pwne that are likely to be in the earlier phase of evolution , before the reverse shock effects .  ⁇ n recent discoveries at x - ray and radio wavelengths have substantially increased the number of such objects .  ⁇ n the possible members of this class are listed .  ⁇ n for objects with an approximately constant pulsar power , the expansion in a supernova is treated .  ⁇ n constraints implied by the energy in the nebulae are discussed .  ⁇ n the conclusions are also discussed . '
b' we present a detailed chemical analysis of the sagittarius dwarf spheroidal ( dsph ) galaxy ngc 2808 .  ⁇ n we use a combination of a spectroscopic and photometric database , a spectroscopic redshift survey and a spectroscopic redshift survey , to study the chemical properties of the dsph .  ⁇ n we find that the dsph s ages are consistent with those of the milky way globular clusters .  ⁇ n the dsph s ages are consistent with being older than @xmath0 gyr .  ⁇ n the dsph s ages are consistent with being older than @xmath1 gyr .  ⁇ n the dsph s ages are consistent with being older than @xmath1 gyr .  ⁇ n the dsph s ages are consistent with being older than @xmath1 gyr .  ⁇ n the ds
b' we use n - body simulations to study the properties of the stellar halo in the inner region of the milky way .  ⁇ n we find that the halo of rr lyrae stars ( rrls ) in the bulge is spheroidal with a slight elongation inside 1 kpc .  ⁇ n the rrls in the bulge show a slower rotation and a higher velocity dispersion than the stars in the box / peanut bulge .  ⁇ n the rrls in the bulge show a slower rotation and a higher velocity dispersion than the stars in the box / peanut bulge .  ⁇ n the rrls in the bulge show a slower rotation and a higher velocity dispersion than the stars in the box / peanut bulge .  ⁇ n the rrls in the box / peanut bulge show a slower rotation and a higher velocity dispersion than the stars in the box / peanut bulge .  ⁇ n the rr
b' we present a unified model for the description of pionic distributions and associated properties .  ⁇ n the model is based on feynman path integral methods where symmetrization of bosons or anti - symmetrization of fermions leads to a cycle class decomposition of the permutations associated with these symmetries .  ⁇ n the correspondance comes from the identification of clusters of size @xmath0 and @xmath1 , @xmath2 .  ⁇ n we show the importance of the fisher critical exponent @xmath3 and relate it to one of the main parameters @xmath0 , @xmath1 , @xmath2 .  ⁇ n moreover , taking special values of @xmath0 , or equivalently @xmath3 , reduces our unified model to various specific cases that are frequently used in particle production phenomenology .  ⁇ n we also discuss the void scaling relations and the resulting hierarchical structure . '
b' we consider a nonlinear chain with fermions .  ⁇ n the hamiltonian is a grassmann algebra with two generators .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new method for detecting gravitational waves in interferometric detectors .  ⁇ n the method is based on the use of a resonant laser beam , which is recombined at the beam splitter .  ⁇ n the resonant laser beam is then used to measure the intensity of the gravitational wave .  ⁇ n the resonant laser beam is then used to measure the intensity of the gravitational wave .  ⁇ n the resonant laser beam is then used to measure the intensity of the gravitational wave .  ⁇ n the resonant laser beam is then used to measure the intensity of the gravitational wave .  ⁇ n the resonant laser beam is then used to measure the intensity of the gravitational wave .  ⁇ n the resonant laser beam is then used to measure the intensity of the gravitational wave .  ⁇ n the resonant laser beam is then used to measure the intensity of the gravitational wave .  ⁇ n the resonant laser beam is then used to measure the intensity of
b' we study the relaxation time of a lindblad model with a finite gap .  ⁇ 
b' we present a method to determine the value of the linear force - free parameter @xmath0 for a linear force - free field by comparing the reconstructed magnetic field to the observed three - dimensional structure of coronal loops .  ⁇ n the method is tested using the loop shapes deducted by from applying dynamic stereoscopy to the solar active region noaa 7986 using soho / mdi and soho / eit data taken on 29 , 30 and 31 august 1996 .  ⁇ n the method is tested using the loop shapes deducted by from applying dynamic stereoscopy to the solar active region noaa 7986 using soho / mdi and soho / eit data taken on 29 , 30 and 31 august 1996 .  ⁇ 
b' we discuss the connection between the static interquark potential and the coulomb gauge .  ⁇ 
b' a hamiltonian is defined for trans - coordinate states .  ⁇ n a discontinuous interaction is evaluated in the interaction picture and it is shown that the square modulus of the state is conserved .  ⁇ n the hamiltonian is defined for trans - coordinate states , and the rule for the conservation of expectation value of an operator @xmath0 is given .  ⁇ n a discontinuous interaction is evaluated in the interaction picture and it is shown that the square modulus of the state is conserved .  ⁇ n the hamiltonian is defined for trans - coordinate states , and the rule for the conservation of expectation value of an operator @xmath0 is given .  ⁇ n a discontinuous interaction is evaluated in the interaction picture and it is shown that the square modulus of the state is conserved .  ⁇ n the hamiltonian is defined for trans - coordinate states , and the rule for the conservation of expectation value of an operator @xmath0 is given .  ⁇ n a discontinuous interaction is evaluated in the interaction picture and it is shown that the square
b' the interplay between stellar and planetary properties to produce habitable worlds is a topic of considerable cross - disciplinary interest .  ⁇ n although opinions differ on what exactly to look for in a system harboring a terrestrial planet in order to declare it habitable , the classical assumption , i.e. the capacity for water to stay liquid on the planet s surface , sets limits to the host star s activity as well as radiation properties .  ⁇ 
b' we present preliminary results of the star experiment on the correlations of pions , kaons and protons in central auau collisions at @xmath0 and @xmath1 .  ⁇ 
b' we consider a model where muon has new yukawa type interactions with new particles to generate new contributions to muon g-2 .  ⁇ n we find that in a model where the chirarity flip of muon occurs only in external line of muon g-2 diagrams , it is necessary to introduce the relatively large yukawa coupling and the electroweak scale new particles .  ⁇ n on the other hand , in a model where the chirality flip can happen in internal lines of muon g-2 diagrams , we can obtain favorable g-2 contributions without large yukawa couplings .  ⁇ n we also discuss the phenomenology of the model .  ⁇ n zhi - gang wang@xmath0 , yu - gang wang@xmath1 , yu - gang wang@xmath2 , yu - gang wang@xmath3 , yu - gang wang@xmath4 , yu - gang
b' i review the basic idea that the inner parts of active galactic nuclei ( agn ) are intrinsically similar , only viewed at different angles with respect to the line of sight .  ⁇ 
"b"" we present a search for dwarf cepheids ( dc ) in the carina dwarf spheroidal galaxy .  ⁇ n we have obtained deep ccd photometry of the main - sequence of the galaxy , extending to @xmath0 , and a total of @xmath1 .  ⁇ n we find a total of @xmath2 dcs , with a mean period of @xmath3 .  ⁇ n we find no dcs in the main sequence , and we find no evidence for a dc - type .  ⁇ n we also find a significant population of dcs in the main sequence , with a mean period of @xmath4 .  ⁇ n we find no dcs in the main sequence , with a mean period of @xmath5 .  ⁇ n we also find a significant population of dcs in the main sequence , with a mean period of @xmath6 .  ⁇ n we find no dc
b' we present a magneto - hydrodynamic adaptive - mesh - refinement simulation of supersonic turbulence , based on the ramses adaptive - mesh - refinement code .  ⁇ 
b' we present two primitive operations , cat - entangler and cat - disentangler , which in turn can be used to implement non - local operations , e.g. a non - local cnot and quantum teleportation protocol .  ⁇ n the cat - entangler and cat - disentangler can be implemented using only local operation and classical communication ( locc ) , assuming that an entanglement has already been established .  ⁇ n we show how to establish an entangled pair between two nodes , and use entangled pairs to efficiently create a generalized ghz state .  ⁇ n furthermore , we present procedures which allow us to reuse channel qubits in a sequence of non - local operations . '
b' we study the multiple scattering of light ( ms ) in extensive air showers .  ⁇ 
b' we study the effect of currents on the ground state of the isotropic transverse xy chain .  ⁇ n we find that , in the presence of an energy current , the correlations of the ground state are characterized by a power - law decay with a power - law decay .  ⁇ n this is in contrast to the case of the transverse ising model .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the statistical properties of the number of tick quotes in foreign currency rates ( usd / jpy ) .  ⁇ n it is found that the power spectrum density ( psd ) has some peaks at about 2 minutes ( the peak frequency depends on the currency markets ) .  ⁇ n a simple agent model based on double - threshold noisy devices is proposed to explain this phenomenon .  ⁇ n it is found that the high periodicity of the number of tick quotes may happen .  ⁇ n this result leads to a hypothesis that the periodicity is caused by common exogenous periodical information . '
b' we present a novel temporal higher - order scheme for the quantum diffusion equation @xmath0 .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the induced forces between polarized particles in an electrorheological fluid .  ⁇ n we formulate a model , which describes the relaxation process of the polarized charge on the surfaces of the rotating particles .  ⁇ n we show that the induced force is inversely proportional to the square of the product of the relaxation time and the angular velocity of the rotating particle .  ⁇ n we also show that the induced force is inversely proportional to the square of the product of the relaxation time and the angular velocity of the rotating particle . '
b' dielectronic recombination ( dr ) in low - density plasmas such as photoionized plasmas is reviewed .  ⁇ n recent efforts to build a recombination data base for astrophysical modeling of photoionized plasmas are briefly discussed .  ⁇ n finally , a compilation of experimental results for the astrophysically most abundant ions is presented . '
b' we propose a model for generating a simple directed random graph with prescribed degree distributions .  ⁇ n the model is closely related to the work in @xcite for undirected graphs , where vertices are given stubs or half - edges according to a degree sequence @xmath0 and stubs are randomly paired to form edges .  ⁇ n the goal is to provide an algorithm to generate a simple random graph whose degree distribution is approximately @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the model is closely related to the well - known configuration model , where vertices are given stubs or half - edges according to a degree sequence @xmath1 .  ⁇ n the in - degree and out - degree sequences are chosen as i.i.d .  ⁇ n observations from @xmath0 and @xmath1 .  ⁇ n the first part of the paper focuses on how to construct valid degree sequences without significantly destroying their i.i.d . properties .  ⁇ n the problem is addressed in two ways
b' we find a class of exact analytic solutions to the eleven dimensional supergravity equations of motion .  ⁇ n the equation of motion for the metric function of one membrane depends on the metric function of second membrane in the system .  ⁇ n the system of two intersecting m2 branes is obtained by dimensional reduction .  ⁇ n the number of preserved supersymmetries is explicitly calculated by finding the solutions to the killing spinor equation .  ⁇ 
b' we study the structural properties of inverse bicontinuous cubic phases ( ibcps ) of lipids in aqueous media .  ⁇ n we show that the ibcps are stabilized by spontaneous curvature , and that the ibcps are stable against aqueous perturbations .  ⁇ n we also show that the ibcps are stable against aqueous perturbations .  ⁇ n we discuss the implications of our results for the endoplasmic reticulum and the golgi apparatus . '
b' we review the current status of asteroseismology .  ⁇ n we discuss the main results obtained so far , and the future prospects . ' mississax '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' ''
b' we present a detailed analysis of the radii of the fully convective stars of the eclipsing binary cm draconis .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the semiclassical trace formula for the quantum oscillations of a three - dimensional spherical harmonic oscillator hamiltonian .  ⁇ n the trace formula is obtained from the einstein - brillouin - keller quantisation .  ⁇ 
b' the semiempirical shell model mass equation ( ssme ) based on proton magic number z = 126 has been shown to have a high predictive power in the interior of major shell regions beyond lead n @xmath0 and with 126 @xmath2 n @xmath2 184 .  ⁇ n the predicted masses are applied to the results of recent superheavy element ( she ) experiments .  ⁇ n the smoothness of the predicted masses and their overall agreement with @xmath3 systematics are tested .  ⁇ n the agreement of the equation with the data observed in several recent fusion - evaporation she experiments is also tested .  ⁇ n finally , the interpretation problem in some recent hot fusion experiments where the observed decay chains do not connect the parent to a known daughter is in principle possible , is addressed . '
b' in this paper , we propose a novel approach to content placement in content delivery networks .  ⁇ n the proposed approach is based on a carefully designed placement phase , in which content is placed in order to allow the central server to satisfy the requests of several users with _  ⁇ n different _ demands with a _ single _ multicast stream .  ⁇ n the multicast streams are generated by coding across the different files requested by the users .  ⁇ n the content placement is performed before the actual user demands are known , and it has to be designed carefully such that these coded - multicast opportunities are available simultaneously for all possible user demands .  ⁇ n we show that this simultaneous coded - multicast approach can significantly reduce network congestion .  ⁇ n moreover , for many situations , this approach results in a much larger caching gain than the conventional approach .  ⁇ n moreover , unlike the conventional approach , this approach is effective whenever the aggregate _ global _ cache size ( i.e. , the cumulative cache available at all users ) is large enough compared to the total amount
b' we present very large array ( vla ) , atacama large millimeter array ( alma ) , and submillimeter array ( sma ) observations of the galactic center black hole , sagittarius a*. the vla and alma observations span the time since the discovery of g2 , a highly eccentric , accreting object .  ⁇ 
b' the oss mission is a space mission aimed at measuring the non - gravitational acceleration of the outer planets .  ⁇ n it is a prototype of an electrostatic accelerometer , called microstar , based on onera expertise in the field of accelerometry and gravimetry with champ , grace , and goce missions .  ⁇ 
b' we present timeseries photometry of six pulsating extremely low - mass white dwarfs ( wds ) .  ⁇ n these include j0751@xmath90141 , j1141 + 3850 , j1157 + 0546 , j1238 + 1946 , j1625 + 3632 , and j0756 + 6704 .  ⁇ 
b' we present a general overview of the properties of galaxies on the hubble - jeans sequence mag .  ⁇ n we discuss the scaling relations between global galaxy parameters such as size , surface brightness , luminosity and concentration , and the faber - jackson relation .  ⁇ 
b' we show that , although the method of weak measurement provides a very different angle to view quantum systems , both its mathematics and internal essence obey the usual approach to quantum mechanics .  ⁇ n we then consider an example of system - meter interaction that can possibly be implemented via a dispersive atom - field interaction .  ⁇ n our analysis shows that the disturbance caused by the  ⁇  weak '' measurement partially destroys the interference and the probability of finding the photon at position e is not zero anymore .  ⁇ n this disturbance caused by a weak measurement is non - zero no matter how weak the measurement is .  ⁇ n we also show that all the results can be understood within the framework of a conventional quantum mechanical approach and the weak measurement does not add anything further in our understanding and interpretation of the system considered in fig . 1 . '
b' spliceosomal introns are essential to the rna - protein complex that performs intron excision .  ⁇ n we present novel computational techniques for the analysis of spliceosomal intron evolution .  ⁇ n we describe an alignment method for intron - annotated protein sequences , as well as a segmentation method for identifying conserved portions of a multiple alignment .  ⁇ n we show that the subsequent evaluation of the likelihood function takes sublinear , @xmath0 time almost surely in the yule - harding model of random phylogenies , even in the case of arbitrary , constant - size alphabets .  ⁇ n the compression technique is particularly important when the likelihood is maximized in a numerical procedure that computes the likelihood function with many different parameter settings .  ⁇ n we apply our methods to two applications . in one application , intron - aware alignment was used to validate some unexpected features of intron evolution before extant eukaryotes . in a second application , we analyzed in
b' the observed flux of ultra - high energy cosmic rays ( uhecr ) with energies @xmath0 is a puzzle .  ⁇ n it is reasonable to postulate potential sources of uhecrs , e.g. quasars , that could accelerate uhecrs to these energies .  ⁇ n however , there have been suggestions that the observed uhecrs might be due to lorentz symmetry breaking , or deformation of lorentz symmetry .  ⁇ n these predictions are based on a class of models that postulate deviations from standard special relativity for particles that have attained very high energies , such that @xmath0 .  ⁇ n these models are generally referred to as double special relativity ( dsr ) models .  ⁇ n the main criticism of these models is that they require either a preferred class of inertial observers , or an ad - hoc construction of the lorentz deformation function to generate predicted effects that would result in a shift
b' we investigate the properties of supersonic mhd turbulence using athena , a new higher - order godunov code .  ⁇ n we use data from high - resolution numerical simulations with twenty - five different parameter sets .  ⁇ n we find that the turbulence is intermittent , with a power - law tail , and that the probability distribution function of density is a power - law .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed analysis of the chromospheric evaporation process in the flaring loops of the solar maximum mission ( _ smm _ ) .  ⁇ 
b' we present a brief overview of the main sequence ( ms ) photometry of the outer disk and halo of m31 , a nearby dwarf galaxy .  ⁇ 
b' we present a mechanism for the coexistence of hyperbolic and non - hyperbolic dynamics arising in a neighbourhood of a conservative bykov cycle .  ⁇ n we show that in a class of divergence - free vector fields , tangencies of the invariant manifolds of two hyperbolic saddle - foci densely occur .  ⁇ n we prove that the global dynamics is persistently dominated by heteroclinic tangencies and by the existence of infinitely many elliptic points coexisting with hyperbolic dynamics arising from @xmath1transversality .  ⁇ n we describe an extended version of these bifurcations which can be detected numerically with the time delay function introduced by lau . '
b' a statistical equilibrium model for the formation of composites in heavy ion collisions is presented .  ⁇ n the model is based on the maxwell construction of a van der waals gas .  ⁇ n the model leads to a first order phase transition as either the density or both are varied .  ⁇ 
b' we benchmark four levels of density functional theory ( dft ) by performing accurate quantum monte carlo calculations on the model of a jellium sphere with a central impurity potential .  ⁇ n the interacting electron gas is interpreted as a finite jellium sphere with @xmath0 electrons of average density .  ⁇ n an attractive spherical gaussian of tunable strength at the origin represents the impurity potential .  ⁇ n the model closely relates to an atom in a real material while preserving a simplicity that is amenable to highly accurate solution under a wide range of conditions ( slowly- and rapidly - varying density regions as well as a wide range of density values ) .  ⁇ n the purpose of solving this simple model is to understand the role of electronic correlations and exchange , to understand the features that more sophisticated functional must possess in order to describe , e.g. , strongly correlated materials , and to provide essentially exact benchmarks for testing new dft approximations .  ⁇ 
b' we show that structural and kinematical properties of stars ( sg ) in forming galactic clusters ( gcs ) can be significantly different from those of fg based on self - consistent 3d hydrodynamical simulations on star formation within forming gcs .  ⁇ n in particular , we show that if originally very massive gcs ( fg ) have only a small amount of rotation , then new stars ( sg ) formed in the central regions can have a significant amount of rotation depending on initial kinematics of fg .  ⁇ n based on these results , we point out that the origin of internal rotation observed in the galactic gcs can be closely associated with formation processes of sg in original massive stellar systems which can be either very massive super star clusters or dwarf galaxies .  ⁇ n our future works will investigate chemical abundances of sg and long - term evolution of the simulated  ⁇  nested structures '' of original gcs .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a study of the faraday rotation measure ( rm ) of pulsars and extragalactic radio sources in the inner galaxy .  ⁇ n we find that the rm distribution of extragalactic radio sources , as well as of pulsars , reflects the azimuthal field with reversed directions above and below the galactic plane .  ⁇ n the rm distribution of extragalactic radio sources , covering all the inner galaxy , reflects the azimuthal field with reversed directions above and below the galactic plane .  ⁇ n the antisymmetric rm distribution of extragalactic radio sources , covering all the inner galaxy , reflects the azimuthal field with reversed directions above and below the galactic plane .  ⁇ n the antisymmetric rm distribution of extragalactic radio sources , covering all the inner galaxy , reflects the azimuthal field with reversed directions above and below the galactic plane .  ⁇ n the antisymmetric rm distribution of extragalactic radio sources , covering all the inner galaxy 
b' we study the @xmath0 highest degrees of random apollonian networks ( rans ) at time @xmath1 .  ⁇ n we show that the degree distribution of the rans is a power law .  ⁇ 
b' we present a sample of 1127 agn with extended structures in the vlba imaging and polarimetry survey ( vips ) .  ⁇ 
b' we consider a class of catalytic branching processes that model the dynamics of catalyst - reactant populations in which the activity level of the reactant depends on the amount of catalyst present .  ⁇ n the main goal of the present work is to establish diffusion approximations for such regulated catalyst - reactant systems under suitable scalings .  ⁇ n we consider two different scaling regimes ; in the first setting the catalyst and reactant evolve on  ⁇  comparable timescales , '' while in the second setting the catalyst evolves  ⁇  much faster '' than the reactant .  ⁇ n the limit model is described through a coupled system of reflected stochastic differential equations with reflection in the space @
b' we construct hyperbolic manifolds of small volume .  ⁇ n we use mutations of quivers and diagrams of finite type to construct hyperbolic manifolds with large symmetry groups and relatively small volume .  ⁇ n we also construct hyperbolic manifolds of affine type . '
b' the stability of a viscoelastic immiscible rayleigh taylor fluid is studied by means of the phase - field approach .  ⁇ n the linear analysis is based on the oldroyd - b model , in which the polymer - polymer interaction is treated as an elastic contribution to the total stress tensor of the fluid .  ⁇ n the resulting viscoelastic fluid is shown to be unstable in the early stage of evolution .  ⁇ n the resulting scenario is corroborated by means of direct numerical simulations of the original field equations . '
b' we present a detailed analysis of the final angular momentum of coalescing black - hole binaries , based on a new analytical approach to the general relativistic two - body dynamics , the effective - one - body ( eob ) approach .  ⁇ 
b' we suggest that the same - side ridge "" observed by the cms collaboration in events with more than 110 particles is due to a similar effect seen in nucleus - nucleus collisions .  ⁇ 
b' we present spectra of the old nova v529 ori , or nova ori 1667 .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the effects of hadronic rescatterings on the distributions of multistrange hadrons in high - energy nuclear collisions .  ⁇ n we use a hadron cascade model jam to describe the hadron resonance gas .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed study of the magnetic dispersion of the superconducting layered cuprates .  ⁇ n the dispersion is characterized by a spin - glass - like behavior , with a spin - glass - like behavior characterized by a spin - glass - like behavior .  ⁇ 
b' we present a large sample of x - ray selected clusters selected from the reflex x - ray selected cluster catalogue .  ⁇ n the x - ray luminosity @xmath0 and the velocity dispersion @xmath1 are measured , and the resulting @xmath1 is compared with the predictions of self - similar models .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate supercontinuum generation ( scg ) in silicon on silica nanophotonic waveguides .  ⁇ n the scg is numerically investigated , and the resulting spectra are compared with those of a single taper structure .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a hanbury - brown twiss ( hbt ) analysis of the phenix experiment at = 130 gev .  ⁇ n the hbt analysis is based on the bertsch - pratt parameterization in a longitudinal co - moving frame .  ⁇ 
b' we consider a quantum subroutine due to @xcite , which we refer to as an @xmath0 oracle called a @xmath1 oracle .  ⁇ n a call to this subroutine yields a subset of @xmath2 ( fourier sample ) of @xmath3 , drawn according to the fourier spectrum of the boolean function @
b' we use regge calculus to study the formation of apparent horizons in brill wave initial data .  ⁇ n we find that the appearance of apparent horizons is a consequence of the axisymmetry of the initial data .  ⁇ n we also find that the critical wave amplitude at which an apparent horizon first forms is determined by the amplitude of the brill wave .  ⁇ n we confirm recent numerical results regarding the appearance of apparent horizons in brill wave initial data . '
b' we present a new method to measure the variation of the hubble constant @xmath0 with distance , based on the sloan digital sky survey data release 7 ( sdss dr7 ) .  ⁇ n the method is based on the sdss dr7 data , which is a combination of the sdss dr7 and the sdss dr7 data .  ⁇ 
b' we calculate the leading nonrelativistic corrections to the gravitational interaction of two massive particles at one loop level .  ⁇ n we find that the leading spin - dependent corrections to the newtonian potential are independent of the spins of the scattered particles .  ⁇ n we also find that the leading spin - dependent corrections to the gravitational potential are independent of the spins of the scattered particles .  ⁇ n we also find that the leading spin - dependent corrections to the gravitational potential are independent of the spins of the scattered particles . '
b' we study the tachyon dynamics of a d25-brane in the worldsheet approach .  ⁇ n we use a tachyon profile of a circle on the world - volume of bosonic d25-brane .  ⁇ n we show that the tachyon profile is a spherical solitons with a width of @xmath0 .  ⁇ 
b' we present an optical realization of the quantum prisoner s dilemma with nonmaximally entangled states .  ⁇ n the initial state is prepared by optically preparing the initial state .  ⁇ n the strategic operations are performed by a set of local unitary operations .  ⁇ n the outcomes of the strategic operations are compared with those of the classical prisoner s dilemma .  ⁇ n it is found that the strategic operations are more efficient in the quantum case than in the classical case . '
b' we present new spectroscopic and imaging observations of the cygnus a cluster .  ⁇ n we find that the cluster is a rich , high velocity dispersion cluster .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a new low - complexity multiple - input multiple - output ( mimo ) architecture that can achieve significantly higher rates than existing solutions of similar complexity .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a new approach to the definition of the quadratic field associated to the stationary situation of stochastic lattice models .  ⁇ n this field is the two - dimensional process formally defined as the quadratic field of the ornstein - uhlenbeck process .  ⁇ 
b' the orbital angular momentum of the chiral superfluid is calculated in the general formalism .  ⁇ n it is shown that the orbital angular momentum is suppressed for @xmath0 , due to spectral asymmetry of the edge states .  ⁇ n the effect of the edge states is also discussed .  ⁇ n it is demonstrated that the angular momentum is suppressed for @xmath1 .  ⁇ n the effect of the edge states is also discussed . '
b' the muon anomalous magnetic moment ( the muon @xmath0 ) has shown a discrepancy from the standard model prediction .  ⁇ n the minimal supersymmetric standard model ( mssm ) is a promising candidate for the tev - scale new physics .  ⁇ n we study the minimal supergravity and the gauge mediation , and show that the muon @xmath1 anomaly can be solved if the superparticles ( smuons , neutralinos , and charginos ) are around @
b' we consider all mori fibered spaces together , all sarkisov links together , all relations between sarkisov links together .  ⁇ n the relations between all sarkisov links are determined by geometry of moduli space of landau ginzburg models and the moving schemes involved .  ⁇ n we show that there exists a big moduli space of landau ginzburg models , which includes mirrors of all fanos .  ⁇ n we introduce an analogue of the canonical divisor measure for minimal model .  ⁇ n this is the local geometry of the singularities and a fiber at infinity of the landau ginzburg model .  ⁇ n we propose local models for these moduli spaces ( stacks ) .  ⁇ n this observation leads to a new epoch , epoch of wall - crossing . '
b' we present a computational framework for the inclusion of a general fluid / solid interaction , treated as a temporally and spatially dependent body force , in a direct solver of the navier - stokes equations .  ⁇ n this approach allows for computing fluid wetting properties ( such as equilibrium contact angle ) based on first principles , and without restriction to small contact angles .  ⁇ n we show that , in the long - wave limit , the solution of the navier - stokes equations is in good agreement with the solution of the long - wave model , but that the solution of the long - wave model is in good agreement with the solution of the navier - stokes equations .  ⁇ n we also show that the solution of the long - wave model is in good agreement with the solution of the navier - stokes equations .  ⁇ n we also show that the solution of the long - wave model is in good agreement with the solution of the navier - stokes equation
b' we investigate the possibility of simulating the curved spacetimes by photonic fields interacting with a mechanical oscillator operating in the reversed dissipation regime of optomechanics .  ⁇ n we show that the photonic fields can be manipulated by the optomechanical parameters .  ⁇ 
b' we present a spectroscopic study of the globular cluster pfleiderer2 , a nearby , metal rich globular cluster .  ⁇ 
b' we show that there is a polynomial sized decomposition of a constraint propagator into conjunctive normal form if and only if the propagator can be computed by a monotone boolean circuit .  ⁇ n this answers the open question of which global constraints can be effectively propagated using simple encodings .  ⁇ n we also show that bounds on the size of monotone boolean circuits give bounds on the size of decompositions of global constraints into conjunctive normal form . '
b' we give a new proof of the classification of the tensor ideal localising subcategories of the stable category of finitely generated modules over the group algebra of a finite group .  ⁇ n the key new idea is to introduce and study @xmath0-cosupports for representations .  ⁇ n the crucial new idea is to introduce and study @xmath0-cosupports for representations .  ⁇ n the motivation for this comes from two sources : the first is the theory of @xmath0-points developed by friedlander and the fourth author as a suitable generalisation of cyclic shifted subgroups .  ⁇ n the crucial new idea is to introduce and study @xmath0-cosupports for representations .  ⁇ n the crucial new idea is to introduce and study @xmath0-cosupports for representations .  ⁇ n the crucial new idea is to introduce and study @xmath0-cosupports for representations .  ⁇ n the crucial new idea is to introduce and study @xmath0-cosupports for representation
b' we present a comprehensive theoretical study of the tunnel coupling between two p donors in silicon .  ⁇ n we use tight - binding theory to study the valley - orbit split donor spectrum .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a survey for transjovian objects ( tjos ) with the taiwanese american occultation survey ( taos ) .  ⁇ 
b' we study the effect of a particle placed inside a multi - mode optical nanofiber on the optical force exerted by the particle .  ⁇ n we show that the particle s interaction with the fiber field can be described by a generalized beam splitter model .  ⁇ 
b' we present a timing analysis of rossi x - ray timing explorer ( @xmath0 ) observations of the black - hole candidate lmc x-1 .  ⁇ n the x - ray spectrum of lmc x-1 is remarkably soft , with a peak frequency of 0.0751 hz .  ⁇ 
b' we study the pure @xmath0-modes in relativistic non - isentropic stars .  ⁇ n we show that the pure @xmath0-modes are composed of only one axial parity component in the non - rotating star limit .  ⁇ n we also show that the pure @xmath0-modes are composed of both polar and axial parity components .  ⁇ n we also show that the pure @xmath0-modes are composed of both polar and axial parity components .  ⁇ n we also show that the pure @xmath0-modes are composed of both polar and axial parity components .  ⁇ n we also show that the pure @xmath0-modes are composed of both polar and axial parity components .  ⁇ n we also show that the pure @xmath0-modes are composed of both polar and axial parity components .  ⁇ n we also show that the pure @xmath0-modes are composed of both polar and axial parity components .  ⁇ n we also show that the pure @xmat
b' we study the collisions of bubbles of the hadronic phase during the quark - hadron phase transition ( qht ) .  ⁇ n the equations of motion for the qcd pure - gluonic lagrangian are given in ( 3 + 1)-dimensional minkowski space .  ⁇ 
b' we derive the wigner distribution of a two - mode quantum state of the electromagnetic field generated by an optical parametric oscillator .  ⁇ n this distribution is obtained using a truncated wigner equation .  ⁇ n this truncated approximation is valid when the nonlinearity is small enough , which is true for most of the opo experiments developed so far .  ⁇ n this distribution describes the many quantum features of the intracavity opo field such as squeezing and entanglement .  ⁇ n moreover , this distribution is valid in all regions of the opo operation regimes , that is , below , and above threshold , where the validity of both the linear approximation , and the perturbation theory break down .  ⁇ n this distribution also describes the opo quantum fluctuations properly around the operation threshold , while the usual linear approach provides divergent results .  ⁇ n we illustrate the reliability of the distribution by comparing moments calculated with this wigner function with those obtained by numerical simulation
b' we study the kinetics of collapse of a long flexible polymer chain after a quench from a good solvent to a poor solvent .  ⁇ n the initial state is one of equilibrium in a good solvent , in which the chain is swollen and has radius of gyration @xmath0 , where @
b' we present a new model - independent approach for evaluating the full range of ages and metallicities allowed by the spectro - photometric properties of early - type galaxies in clusters .  ⁇ n the method is based on the construction of age - metallicity diagrams constrained by the colors of early - type galaxies in the coma cluster and in 17 clusters observed with the _ hubble space telescope _ ( _ hst _ ) .  ⁇ n the method is based on the construction of age - metallicity diagrams constrained by the colors of early - type galaxies in the coma cluster and in 17 clusters observed with the _ hubble space telescope _ ( _ hst _ ) .  ⁇ n the method is based on the construction of age - metallicity diagrams constrained by the colors of early - type galaxies in the coma cluster and in 17 clusters observed with the _ hst _  ⁇ n . the method is able
b' we study the @xmath0 meson production in central pb+pb collisions at 158gev / a beam energy .  ⁇ n we consider the @xmath1 and @xmath2 decay channels and take into account rescattering of decay kaons .  ⁇ n we find that the @xmath0 meson spectra reconstructed via @xmath3 and @xmath1 decay channels can be significantly different up to the level of present experimental observations . '
b' we study the dynamics of a network of links between subparts of a network .  ⁇ 
b' we study the packing of frictionless spheres , a kind of random loose packing , and show that , in the absence of friction , the lower bound for the volume fraction of random close packing , @xmath0 , is @xmath1 .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the circumstellar dust distribution around the binary s - type agb star w aql , and the two detached shell carbon stars u cam and dr ser .  ⁇ n the polarized light around the stars trace the circumstellar dust distribution and thus enables the search for structures and asymmetries in the circumstellar envelope .  ⁇ n the circumstellar dust distribution around the binary star w aql is mapped and found to be asymmetric , both on large ( 10 ) and on smaller ( 1 ) scales .  ⁇ n the large - scale images show what appears to be a dust - density enhancement on the south - west side of the star and the inner region appears bi - polar through the coronographic mask .  ⁇ 
b' we study the effect of dielectric inhomogeneities on the interactions between charged macromolecular surfaces mediated by mobile counterions .  ⁇ n we show that the presence of dielectric inhomogeneities in the interfaces between macromolecular surfaces , characterized by a large difference in dielectric properties , leads to a significant reduction of the interaction between macromolecular surfaces .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new , high - precision timing analysis of the anomalous x - ray pulsar 1e 2259 + 586 .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed study of the surface charge transfer in zinc oxide ( zno ) .  ⁇ 
b' we present a unified approach to the formalism used in various applications , illustrating it by examples of similar problems arising in cosmology and in the theory
"b"" we review the observational evidence for infrared and microwave emission from interstellar dust .  ⁇ n the excess emission from interstellar dust is likely due to dust .  ⁇ n the excess emission must be due to dust .  ⁇ n there are three distinct mechanisms whereby dust can radiate at microwave frequencies : ( 1 ) vibrational electric dipole emision ( due to thermal fluctuations in the charge distribution in the grain ) ; ( 2 ) magnetic dipole emision ( due to thermal fluctuations in the magnetization of grain material ) ; and ( 3 ) rotational electric dipole '' emission ( due to the rotating electric dipole moment of a spinning grain ) .  ⁇ n the expected spatial variations of the microwave emission from dust are discussed , and observational tests are considered .  ⁇ n the possibility that this radiation can be polarized is discussed .  ⁇ n the possibility that this radiation can be polarized is discussed , and observational tests are considered . """
b' we study the capillary interactions between two spherical colloids trapped at fluid interfaces .  ⁇ n we characterize the system by a general stress field which acts on the interface , e.g. , due to a discontinuous electrostatic field at the interface , and by forces on the colloid of gravitational and/or electrostatic origin .  ⁇ n special attention is given to the case of a colloidal particle with a constant electrostatic field and a colloidal particle with a constant electrostatic field .  ⁇ n we show that the system is characterized by a general stress field which acts on the interface , e.g. , due to a discontinuous electrostatic field at the interface , and by forces on the colloid of gravitational and/or electrostatic origin .  ⁇ n we show that the system is characterized by a general stress field which acts on the interface , e.g. , due to a discontinuous electrostatic field at the interface , and by forces on the colloid of gravitational and/or electrostatic origin .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new method for determining the stellar populations of the milky way satellites based on the sloan digital sky survey ( sdss ) color - magnitude diagrams ( cmds ) .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a scheme for coherent control of superconducting qubit and linear cavity modes using resonant single flux quantum pulse trains .  ⁇ n we demonstrate that single flux quantum - based gates are robust against leakage errors and timing jitter of the pulses , with achievable fidelities in excess of 99.9% in gate times around 20 ns .  ⁇ n we also analyze a circuit quantum electrodynamics ( cqed ) measurement scheme wherein the qubit state is mapped to the binary output of a cryogenic microwave photon counter . '
b' we study the extent to which quantum field theory permits violations of the local energy conditions used in classical general relativity .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of _ orfeus _ absorption spectroscopy of h@xmath0 and co in the magellanic clouds .  ⁇ n the h@xmath0 column density is found to be @xmath1 , which is about a factor of two larger than the value of the @xmath2 conversion factor .  ⁇ 
b' we present the mass spectrum of the @xmath0 hybrid exotic meson , based on lattice qcd .  ⁇ n the novel feature here is the use of bayesian analysis , more precisely the maximum entropy method , to extract hadron masses .  ⁇ n this analysis tool enables us to utilize the entire range of lattice time slices , thus eliminating the necessity for a subjective choice of a time interval defining a plateau in the effective mass function .  ⁇ n in addition , the mem is quite naturally adapted to multiple states , if present .  ⁇ n we use this feature to uncover the mass spectrum of the @x
b' we present guided deep list , a novel framework for automatic extraction of line lists from who bulletins .  ⁇ n guided deep list is fully automated , requiring no human intervention .  ⁇ n guided deep list is guided in the sense that the user provides a seed indicator ( or , keyword ) for each line list feature to guide the extraction process .  ⁇ n guided deep list is guided in the sense that the user provides a seed indicator ( or , keyword ) for each line list feature .  ⁇ n guided deep list is guided in the sense that the user provides a seed indicator ( or , keyword ) for each line list feature to guide the extraction process .  ⁇ n guided deep list uses neural word embeddings to expand the seed indicator and generate a set of indicators for each line list feature .  ⁇ n the set of indicators is subsequently provided as input to dependency parsing based shortest distance and negation detection approaches for extracting line list features .  ⁇ n guided deep list , who bulletin , who bulletin , shortest distance , negation detection , dependency pars
b' we investigate the role of frustration in the gathak - sherrington model .  ⁇ n we show that the presence of frustration is the essential ingredient which allows naturally inverse freezing .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of @xmath0-body simulations of a cosmological model with quintessence .  ⁇ n the equation of state parameter @xmath1 is assumed to be constant .  ⁇ n the mass function of clusters of galaxies is used to estimate the cosmological parameters , especially @xmath2 and the rms density fluctuation @xmath3 .  ⁇ n we find that the mass function of clusters of galaxies is a good tool to constrain the model .  ⁇ n the rms density fluctuation @xmath4 is found to be almost identical to the rms density fluctuation @xmath5 .  ⁇ n the rms density fluctuation @xmath6 is found to be almost identical to the rms density fluctuation @xmath7 .  ⁇ n the rms density fluctuation @xmath8 is found to be almost identical to the rms density fluctuation @xmath6 .  ⁇ n the rms density fluctuation @xmat
b' we present results of a study of the spectral variability of the neutron - star low - mass x - ray binary 4u 170544 during state transitions observed by _ integral _ during its monitoring of the galactic centre region , and earlier by _ bepposax _ .  ⁇ n the spectral variability is characterized by a broad hump around 30 kev , a feature that has never been reported for 4u 170544 .  ⁇ n the spectral variability is characterized by a pronounced luminosity - related spectral change between soft and hard states .  ⁇ n the spectral variability is characterized by a pronounced hump around 30 kev , a feature that is ascribed to compton reflection .  ⁇ n the hump is ascribed to photoelectric absorption at low energies and compton scattering at higher energies .  ⁇ n the hump is ascribed to compton scattering , which is a process that takes place when x - rays
b' we present a numerical study of the dynamics of a nonlinear optical system in the presence of a spatial rocking .  ⁇ n the system is modeled by a complex order parameter equation ( ope ) , which describes the dynamics of a system close to a critical point .  ⁇ 
b' we study the loschmidt echo ( le ) in a quantum system with a local spin excitation .  ⁇ n we show that the le decay rate is proportional to the classical lyapunov exponent @xmath0 .  ⁇ 
b' we present the first results from a radial velocity survey of the sextans dwarf spheroidal .  ⁇ n the new data show an almost flat velocity dispersion to large radii , with some evidence of a fall - off in the outer parts similar to that seen in draco and ursa minor .  ⁇ n surprisingly , sextans appears to be kinematically cold at the very centre , and it coincides with observable changes in the composition of the stellar population .  ⁇ n we suggest that the nucleus of the sextans dwarf spheroidal contains a dynamically separate component , possibly the remains of a star cluster dragged to the centre by dynamical friction .  ⁇ n sextans , dsph , radial velocity , sextans , draco , umi , draco , ursa minor , draco , umi , draco , umi , draco , umi , draco 
b' we study the advection of a scalar field by a random homogeneous and isotropic gaussian velocity field .  ⁇ n the scalar field is assumed to be solution of the navier - stokes equations in a turbulent rgime .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the effect of non - thermal pressure on the mass determinations of massive clusters of galaxies .  ⁇ n we use a sample of relaxed clusters drawn from high resolution cosmological adaptive mesh refinement simulations and quantify the contribution from non - thermal pressure in relaxed clusters .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a study of the hard x - ray spectra of the peculiar x - ray binary circinus x-1 ( cir x-1 ) .  ⁇ n the hardness - intensity diagram ( hid ) of cir x-1 displays a complete z track .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed study of the volume collapse transition of the @x
b' we present a new all - sky extinction map of the galactic interstellar dust .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new method to generate synthetic spectral maps of molecular clouds based on the numerical solution of the mhd equations .  ⁇ 
b' we study the time dependent cross correlations between the returns of different stocks taken from the new york stock exchange .  ⁇ n we show that in many cases the maximum of the cross - correlation as a function of time is not at zero but shifted , meaning that there exists some  ⁇  pulling '' effect between the companies , _  ⁇ n i.e. , _ one of them influences the price behaviour of the others .  ⁇ 
b' we present a simple model - independent benchmark for the optimal cooling rate of a nuclear power station , based on the yvon - novikov formula .  ⁇ 
b' we consider the dual graph of a football pattern as a coloured ribbon graph .  ⁇ n we prove that the standard football with @xmath0 pentagons and @xmath1 hexagons is the only football pattern on the two - sphere .  ⁇ n we also determine all the possibilities for triples that can be realised by maps on the two - sphere whose faces are @xmath3-gons and @xmath4-gons satisfying the conditions that the edges of each @xmath3-gon meet only edges of @xmath4-gons , and that every @xmath4-gon meets an edge of a @xmath3-gon , and its other edges meet @xmath4-gons .  ⁇ n we shall see that the classification theorem for spherical football patterns actually holds for all of them .  ⁇ n we also determine all the possibilities for triples that can be realised by maps on the two - sphere whose faces are @xmath3-gons and @xmath4-gon
b' we summarize recent results on black hole thermodynamics in matrix theory .  ⁇ n we show that the near - extremal black hole entropy is a generalized supersymmetric yang - mills statistical mechanics , in the microcanonical ensemble .  ⁇ n we also discuss some speculations on the dynamics of black holes in matrix theory . '
b' this study focuses on the recently established paradigm of collaborative tagging .  ⁇ n this paradigm is based on the fact that a user organizes diverse resources ranging from web pages to academic papers and photographs .  ⁇ n the tagging activity of each user is globally visible to the user community and the tagging process develops genuine social aspects and complex interactions , eventually leading to a bottom - up categorization of resources shared throughout the user community .  ⁇ n we show that , choosing the right projection and the right weighting procedure , we can produce a weighted undirected network of resources from the full tri - partite folksonomy network , which embed a meaningful social classification of resources .  ⁇ n this is especially surprising , considering that users annotate resources in a very anarchic , uncoordinated and noisy way .  ⁇ n we set up an experiment using actual data from _ del.icio.us _ and we build a weighted network of resources .  ⁇ n we show that spectral methods from complex networks theory can be used
b' we present ultraviolet spectroscopic observations of three very fast coronal mass ejections ( cmes ) associated with x - class flares on 21 april , 23 july and 24 august 2002 .  ⁇ n the uv spectra of these events show transient brightenings in the [ fe xviii ] line and little or none of the cool gas that usually dominates uvcs spectra of cmes .  ⁇ n the pre - cme streamer is violently disrupted , and the o vi line profiles split into red- and blue - shifted components .  ⁇ n the region of split profiles along the spectrograph slit grows rapidly .  ⁇ n the components of the split profiles are relatively narrow , indicating a lack of strong shock heating .  ⁇ n the o vi line profiles split into strongly red- and blue - shifted components , and the region of split profiles along the spectrograph slit grows rapidly .  ⁇ n the components of the split profiles are relatively narrow ,
"b"" i discuss the  ⁇  before ' vs.  ⁇  after ' cosmic states , quantifying the net effect of the transition from smooth universe to  ⁇  fully clustered ' , at the cost of introducing _ all _ of the necessary physics of backreaction .  ⁇ n i argue that the  ⁇  before ' vs.  ⁇  after ' cosmic states , quantifying the total effect of the transition from smooth universe to  ⁇  fully clustered ' , can be argued to be the simple addition of the newtonian metric perturbation due to that cluster s stabilized mass to the overall ( frw ) metric at that given time , limited only by the look - back distance out to which an observer at the observation point can  ⁇  see ' stabilized structures , at that given time .  ⁇ n the net effect of the transition from smooth universe to  ⁇  fully clustered ' is the simple addition of the newtonian metric perturbation due to that cluster s stabilized mass to the overall ( frw ) metric at that given time
b' we present a theoretical study of the indirect resonant inelastic x - ray scattering ( rixs ) process .  ⁇ n we show that the effective scattering cross section for rixs is proportional to the charge structurefactor @xmath0 and the longitudinal spin structure factor associated with it .  ⁇ n we also discuss the role of the core - hole lifetime in the rixs process . '
b' we present a new approach to the calculation of the large - scale structure ( lss ) power spectrum from cosmological perturbation theory ( pt ) .  ⁇ n we use 3rd - order pt to calculate the next - to - leading order correction to the linear power spectrum .  ⁇ n we apply this approach to the region in @xmath0 space where perturbative expansion is valid .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a multi - frequency - peaked bl lac ( hbl ) object mrk 421 , a typical blazar with a high - frequency - peaked spectral component .  ⁇ 
b' we study the dynamics of the north - east - or - front model , a three - dimensional generalization of the east model .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new method to determine the dust content of galaxies , based on the iras 8120 @xmath0 m data .  ⁇ 
b' we study the critical dynamics of a bose - like system in the presence of a random velocity field .  ⁇ n the standard field - theoretical approach is adopted .  ⁇ 
b' we present rosat observations of the supernova 1987a .  ⁇ 
b' we introduce a minimal model with the objective of reproducing precisely the origin and the nature of the stylized facts ( sf ) .  ⁇ n we find that the sf arise from , namely they disappear at infinite time or for an infinite number of agents .  ⁇ n this has deep implications for the conceptual structure of the models as well as for data analysis because , in such a situation , one can not expect properties of universality .  ⁇ n also the interpretation in terms of critical exponents should be considered more as a fitting scheme rather than as a fundamental characterization .  ⁇ n the possibility to achieve a detailed understanding of the origin and the nature of the sf permits then to pose the fundamental problem of their .  ⁇ n we show that the introduction of a threshold to enter or exit the market may naturally lead to self - organization .  ⁇ n finally we stress that the general perspective of the present model is to have the maximum simplification in order to identify the specific origin of the sf . '
b' icecube is a neutrino experiment that measures the flux of atmospheric muons and neutrinos with high statistics in a high - energy range that has not been previously explored .  ⁇ n the goal of icecube is to detect ev - mass sterile neutrinos .  ⁇ n we discuss the systematics of the experiment , and the status of the search for neutrino sources beyond the atmosphere .  ⁇ n we discuss the status of this effort that will also result in improved sensitivity to , for instance , diffuse limits on cosmic neutrinos . '
b' we propose a hard - constraint model for which ground states can be constructed theoretically .  ⁇ n the ground states are obtained by taking the limit of the chemical potential to be infinitely large , because the chemical potential is infinitely large .  ⁇ n the ground states are obtained by taking the limit of the chemical potential to be infinitely large .  ⁇ n the ground states are obtained by taking the limit of the chemical potential to be infinitely large .  ⁇ n the ground states are obtained by taking the limit of the chemical potential to be infinitely large .  ⁇ n the ground states are obtained by taking the limit of the chemical potential to be infinitely large .  ⁇ n the ground states are obtained by taking the limit of the chemical potential to be infinitely large .  ⁇ n the ground states are obtained by taking the limit of the chemical potential to be infinitely large .  ⁇ n the ground states are obtained by taking the limit of the chemical potential to be infinitely large .  ⁇ n the ground states are obtained by taking the limit of the chemical potential to be infinitely large .  ⁇ n the ground states are obtained by taking the limit of
b' we investigate the dependence of the dc josephson effect on the geometry of a superconducting point contact in a two - dimensional geometry .  ⁇ n we employ a convenient method to calculate the magnetic field evoked by the supercurrents .  ⁇ n this allows us to derive transport properties for a realistic geometry at arbitrary temperature and arbitrary external magnetic field .  ⁇ n furthermore , we employ a convenient method to calculate the magnetic field evoked by the supercurrents .  ⁇ n this will allow us to derive transport properties for a realistic geometry at arbitrary temperature and arbitrary external magnetic field .  ⁇ n furthermore , the method used to calculate the magnetic field evoked by the supercurrents will allow us to derive transport properties for a realistic geometry at arbitrary temperature and arbitrary external magnetic field .  ⁇ n furthermore , we employ a convenient method to calculate the magnetic field evoked by the supercurrents .  ⁇ n this will allow us to derive transport properties for a realistic geometry at arbitrary temperature and arbitrary external magnetic field 
b' the interface states in two - dimensional electron systems with heterogeneous spin - orbit interaction ( soi ) are studied within envelope - function approach .  ⁇ n the interface states are found to exist which are similar to the edge states in topological insulators as regards chiral spin texture , but they are more sensitive to boundary conditions .  ⁇ n the interface states exist even if the interface potential equals zero .  ⁇ n the dependence of the interface - state spectra on the parameters of the effective interfacial potential is studied within a model , in which the potential contains two components : a spin - independent component and a component arising from the soi at the interface .  ⁇ n the first component produces an energy shift of the spin - split dispersion curves , while the soi component considerably changes the spin polarization of the states .  ⁇ n the second component produces an energy shift of the spin - split dispersion curves , while the soi component considerably changes the spin polarization of the states .  ⁇ n the interface - state spectrum split
b' we study the kinematics of geodesic flows in five dimensional warped bulk spacetimes with and without branes .  ⁇ n we show that the raychaudhuri equations , as obtained from definitions , are able to describe the evolution of geodesic congruences .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed analysis of the _ chandra _ and _ xmm - newton _ acis - s observations of the quiescent neutron star x - ray transient xte j1744 + 0033 .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a search for the edge of the milky way disk , using clump red giants .  ⁇ n the data reveal a sharp edge to the disk at @
b' we present the results of a survey for high redshift ( @xmath0 ) galaxies , based upon deep ground based images obtained in a broad band filter system .  ⁇ n the survey is based upon a combination of the modeling of the spectral energy distributions of high redshift star forming galaxies , including the effects of the opacity of the galaxy ism and the intergalactic medium , and the results of our spectroscopy , which have resulted in a somewhat modified color selection window as compared to the purely theoretical one which was used originally ( cf .  ⁇ n madau 1995 ) .  ⁇ n we anticipate that the present survey will reach completion by the end of 1998 . '
b' we study the effect of a curvature - dependent subleading effect on the geometrical description of general relativity ( gr ) at large distances .  ⁇ n we show that the effect is a consequence of the equivalence principle , which is a modification of the standard framework of gr .  ⁇ 
b' we study a model of a community of individuals trying to mimic the state of each other .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a new conservation law for the main - chain polymer nematics that consistently incorporates both the vectorial and the tensorial conservation laws .  ⁇ n we also show that applying the vectorial constraint to the nematic director of the main - chain polymer is invalidated , even in the case of perfectly rigid chains , and leads to fundamentally wrong conclusions .  ⁇ n in addition we show that the two constituent conservation laws are manifest in the two extreme cases of flexible and inflexible chains , respectively .  ⁇ n the present analysis is relevant to ascertain the detectability of the two constraints , whether to pinpoint the observable differences between them or the novel features of their joint implementation , for which a detailed simulation approach seems at present to be our best guide . '
b' we study the @xmath0 channel in the framework of the effective field theory .  ⁇ 
b' the effects of dropping vector meson masses on the dilepton spectra in central heavy - ion collisions are studied in the relativistic transport model .  ⁇ n the effects of dropping vector meson masses on the dilepton spectra are discussed .  ⁇ n the single photon spectra from the wa80 collaboration are also discussed .  ⁇ n the results of the relativistic transport model calculations are compared with the experimental data . '
b' we present the theoretical evidence that the n - type doped single bilayer bih is a time reversal invariant superconductor .  ⁇ n the band structure of bih is modeled by a tight - binding model .  ⁇ n the electron correlation is modeled by the intra and inter - orbital coulomb repulsion and the hund s rule coupling .  ⁇ n the mean - field pairing instability analysis predicts the dominant pairing channel as the electron doping increases .  ⁇ n we stress that although the analysis in this paper is done for bih , we believe similar physics should hold in other bilayer bi - hydride / halide materials . '
b' we derive the work theorem and the inverse temperature of a system driven away from equilibrium by a time - dependent perturbation .  ⁇ 
b' we describe the design , construction and operation of a novel nonlinear harmonic generation rotational anisotropy ( nhg - ra ) spectrometer that is designed to measure the structure of a nonlinear optical susceptibility tensor .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed analysis of the hii emission in the large magellanic cloud ( lmc ) .  ⁇ 
b' we present results of a theoretical study of the phase diagram of @xmath0he adsorbed on graphene , based on computer simulations .  ⁇ n we consider a system comprising at least twice as many @xmath0he atoms than in previous studies by others , the goal being that of trying a reliable extrapolation of the physics of the system in the thermodynamic limit .  ⁇ n we consider here a system comprising at least twice as many @xmath0he atoms than in previous studies by others , the goal being that of attempting a reliable extrapolation of the physics of the system in the thermodynamic limit .  ⁇ n the main findings of our study are largely in line with most previous works on graphene , but with no evidence of any  ⁇  supersolid '' phase , neither in the second nor in the first adsorbed layer .  ⁇ n we also address issues that may be the subject of future work .  ⁇ n + pacs numbers : 05.70.-a , 05.70.-a
b' we consider the critical behavior of a superlattice composed of two elementary building blocks : slabs of two ferromagnets , 1 and 2 , of finite thickness @xmath0 and @
b' we discuss a model for noncommutative quantum mechanics where noncommutativity in the phase space is considered in the context
b' we present the results of a new 1.4 ghz survey for pulsars along the galactic plane , using the 13-element multibeam receiver recently installed on the 64-m parkes radiotelescope .  ⁇ n the survey has been carried out with the parkes multibeam receiver system .  ⁇ n the sensitivity of the present survey is 7 times better than previous high frequency surveys .  ⁇ n we have discovered 513 new pulsars , and have detected 190 known pulsars .  ⁇ n timing solutions have been obtained for the newly discovered pulsars .  ⁇ n we believe that the number of new discoveries for the entire survey should be somewhat over 800 . '
b' recent lattice results on the strangeness content of the nucleon are summarized . '
b' in this paper , we consider a scenario where content is stored in a number of mobile devices using an erasure correcting code .  ⁇ n the mobile devices roam in an out of a cell according to a poisson random process .  ⁇ n however , as opposed to the case where the download of a single file is considered , here we consider that users may request files , of different popularity , from a library of files .  ⁇ n we derive analytical expressions for the download delay if content is stored in the mobile devices using a maximum distance separable code and show that mds - coded distributed caching can significantly reduce the download delay with respect to the case where content is solely downloaded from the base stations and the case where uncoded caching is used .  ⁇ n we also show that mds - coded distributed caching can significantly reduce the download delay with respect to the case where uncoded caching is used . '
b' we present a new method for computing accurate time- and wavelength - dependent center - to - limb brightness distributions for classical cepheids , based on hydrodynamic simulations of the cepheid atmosphere .  ⁇ n the limb darkening of the pulsating star is computed with synthe , using the complete set of atomic and molecular opacities provided by the atlas / synthe program .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new method for searching for gravitational waves from binary black - hole coalescence .  ⁇ n we use numerical relativity to simulate the late inspiral , merger and ringdown of black - hole binaries .  ⁇ 
b' we present a theoretical analysis of the nucleon s second spin  ⁇ 
b' we study scalar field theory on nonassociative spacetime .  ⁇ n we find that this field theory satisfies the cutkosky rule for the one - loop self - energy diagram .  ⁇ n we also replace the above commutative nonassociative product to avoid a divergence in the amplitude .  ⁇ n we find that the real part of the one - loop amplitude diverges exponentially in minkowski spacetime .  ⁇ n this divergence is irrelevant to the discussions on nonassociative spacetime . '
b' we report the discovery of a damped lyman-@xmath0 absorption system ( dla ) towards the radio - loud quasar 1622 + 238 ( 3c336 ) .  ⁇ 
b' we study the dynamics of boolean networks with scale - free topology .  ⁇ n the preferential attachment rule makes the system a complex network with scale - free topology .  ⁇ 
"b' we establish a noncommutative analogue of the notion of locality of comodule algebras .  ⁇ n we show that a comodule algebra @xmath0 which is covered by  ⁇  pieces  ⁇ ' ⁇ ' @
b' we study the potential for sequencing dna by measuring a transverse electronic current as single - stranded dna ( ss - dna ) translocates through a nanopore .  ⁇ n we find that , contrary to naive expectation , the measurement bandwidth of the electrical probes reduces these overlapping distributions into sharply peaked and disjoint distributions , rather than just limiting the sampling rate .  ⁇ n therefore , assuming that no external sources of noise are present other than shot , thermal and structural fluctuation noise , a single current measurement may be sufficient to distinguish each individual base .  ⁇ n we use all - atom molecular dynamics simulations coupled with quantum mechanical current calculations to examine in detail these effects on the distinguishability of the bases .  ⁇ n we find that although the overall magnitude of current can change dramatically , the intrinsic distinguishability of the bases is not significantly affected by pore size and transverse field strength .  ⁇ n the latter is the result of very effective stabilization of the dna by the transverse
b' we present a new classifier for the classification of s / g sources , based on the multipass classifier .  ⁇ n the classifier is built using a multilayer perceptron with a softmax activation function and cross - entropy error .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new method to determine the absolute flux calibration of the proportional counter array ( pca ) on board the rossi x - ray timing explorer ( rxte ) .  ⁇ n we use the rxte spectra obtained during the cooling segments of x - ray bursts to determine the apparent radius and the eddington luminosity of each source .  ⁇ 
b' we study the energy conditions in the schwarzschild and boulware vacua .  ⁇ 
b' we present a drift - fluid model for perpendicular collisional transport in magnetically confined fusion plasmas .  ⁇ n the model is based on the braginskii fluid closure and includes classical collisional transport along the magnetic field .  ⁇ n the model is validated by comparing the results of the model with the results of neoclassical transport theory .  ⁇ n we find that classical perpendicular collisional transport is important in most regions of a magnetically confined fusion plasma .  ⁇ n the perpendicular transport is also important in other fully ionized plasmas without neoclassical transport .  ⁇ n the perpendicular transport is believed to play a role for the perpendicular convection of filaments in the scrape - off layer region .  ⁇ n the perpendicular transport is believed to play a role for the perpendicular convection of filaments in the scrape - off layer region .  ⁇ n the perpendicular transport is believed to play a role for the perpendicular convection
b' we present a new method for determining the distances to high velocity clouds in the galactic halo .  ⁇ n we use this method to derive the distances to the halo of the milky way , and to determine the distances to the halo of complex a. we find that the distances to complex a are consistent with the distances of the milky way , and that complex a is the only system to which the distance is known .  ⁇ n we also find that complex a is a halo - sized halo , with a mass - to - light ratio of 10 - 50 .  ⁇ n we discuss the implications of our results for the dark matter problem . '
b' we present ground - state oh 1612 mhz maser observations of 86 post - agb stars .  ⁇ n the observations were carried out with the parkes radio telescope .  ⁇ n the maser emission from hydroxyl , water and silicon monoxide molecules is produced at different locations within the circumstellar winds .  ⁇ n we have classified the sources in six different categories .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new method for applying the spherical collapse density criterion to redshift - space data .  ⁇ n the method is based on the geometrical appearance of the real - space criterion as seen in redshift space , and needs to be calibrated using statistics from @xmath0-body simulations to account for velocity dispersions not considered in the theoretical model presented in our previous paper .  ⁇ n we also propose a new method for applying the criterion in redshift space , which is presented in three alternative versions .  ⁇ n we statistically determine the value of this estimator , together with analyzing the main divergences from the spherical collapse theoretical model that introduce errors into the method .  ⁇ n we test our method using our @xmath0-body simulation , estimating the systematic error that is expected for radius and mass estimations for the gravitationally bound structure . '
b' we study the thermal properties of the full three - dimensional dirac oscillator .  ⁇ n we show that the energy spectrum of the dirac oscillator is degenerate and that the spin - orbit coupling term is large .  ⁇ n we also show that the energy spectrum of the dirac oscillator is degenerate and that the corresponding eigenfunctions are degenerate .  ⁇ n we also discuss the implications of this degeneracy on the stability of the dirac sea . '
b' the hall conductivity in ferromagnetic crystals with spin - orbit coupling is calculated in the framework of the quantum linear response theory .  ⁇ n it is shown that the hall conductivity is expressed in terms of local atomic - like orbitals .  ⁇ n it is shown that for perfect bloch electron systems this description coincides with that given by berry phase curvatures indicating intrinsic , topological , origin of anomalous hall effect .  ⁇ n the transition from perfect to strongly disordered systems is analyzed .  ⁇ n the present model allows to relate relaxation time to fluctuations of atomic - like orbitals , i.e. to its microscopic origin .  ⁇ n it gives experimentally observed scaling of anomalous hall conductivity with diagonal conductivity component in the region of the good metal and that of the bad metal . '
b' we propose an anisotropic inflation model with a vector impurity .  ⁇ n we show that the anisotropic inflation is realized successfully .  ⁇ n moreover , we argue that the anisotropic inflation yields the statistical anisotropy in fluctuations .  ⁇ n more importantly , as is expected , the primordial gravitational waves could be induced from curvature perturbations through the anisotropic background .  ⁇ n thus , we can expect the correlation between the curvature perturbations and the gravitational waves .  ⁇ n in addition to these , we point out that linear polarization of the gravitational waves is created , which should be observed through cmb or direct interferometer observations . '
b' we present a theoretical study of the dynamics of a suspended - mirror optomechanical resonator in the regime of photothermal and radiation pressure nonlinearities .  ⁇ 
b' we consider the charge of weak polyelectrolytes in salt solution .  ⁇ n we introduce a mean field theory with explicit symmetry breaking between two sublattices .  ⁇ n this approximation is shown to be semi - quantitatively accurate and perform better than previous calculations where the range of interactions is restricted .  ⁇ n we apply our non - uniform mean - field scheme to the interaction of two stiff polyelectrolytes .  ⁇ 
b' we present the far - ultraviolet ( fuv ) images of the cygnus loop obtained with the spectroscopy of plasma evolution from astrophysical radiation ( spear ) .  ⁇ 
b' we study a system of two - level atoms strongly driven by a coherent laser field and perturbed by collisional and phase noises .  ⁇ n the master equation for the atomic density operator is constructed as a set of ordinary differential equations .  ⁇ n the quantum - trajectory simulation of the system reveals the underlying physical processes in quantum interference phenomena .  ⁇ n it is shown that the phase noise of the driving laser field can induce a quantum interference phenomenon similar to that induced by collisional noise .  ⁇ n the quantum interference effects are discussed in the case when both collisional and phase noises are present . '
b' we have carried out a study of the 21 cm line of atomic hydrogen towards 25 bright stars in the galaxy .  ⁇ n the observations were made in the h and k lines of singly ionized calcium ( caii ) and neutral sodium ( nai ) .  ⁇ n the velocities of the absorption features , their linewidths , and in combination with existing hi emission measurements obtained the spin temperature of the absorbing gas .  ⁇ 
b' we study the effect of orientational correlations on the neutron scattering function of a liquid of diatomic rigid molecules .  ⁇ n we show that the ns  ⁇ 
b' we introduce a collective strategy update rule for the spatial evolutionary games .  ⁇ n the strategy update rule is based on the idea of updating the strategy of two neighbors .  ⁇ n the results of monte carlo simulations and mean - field analysis are compared with the results of two previously applied dynamical rules .  ⁇ n the results indicate that the previously mentioned tragedy of the commons state can be avoided even in the hard condition of prisoner s dilemma game .  ⁇ 
b' we study the stability of finite difference approximations ( fdas ) for a class of nonlinear partial differential equations , including the einstein equations .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the axial - vector spectral function in vacuum based on qcd sum rules .  ⁇ n we use the qcd sum rules to calculate the axial - vector spectral function , and compare the results with the predictions of qcd sum rules .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of the study of charm production in au+au collisions at @xmath0 gev .  ⁇ n the star experiment at rhic has measured the ionization energy loss of charged tracks in the star time projection chamber ( tpc ) gas .  ⁇ n the nuclear modification factor of its semileptonic decayed electron is measured in the @xmath1 region 0.17 ⁇ @xmath6 ⁇ 0.25 gev/@xmath2 .  ⁇ n the results are compared with the predictions of pqcd .  ⁇ n the results are compared with the predictions of pqcd .  ⁇ n the results of the study of charm production in au+au collisions at @xmath7 gev are presented .  ⁇ n pacs numbers : 25.75.+q , 25.75.-q , 25.75.lq '
b' i discuss the properties of the morphological classes of pne , and their relation with the physical properties of the nebulae and their central stars .  ⁇ 
b' interactions of domain walls ( dws ) in ferromagnetic stripes of nonzero thickness are studied within the perturbation calculus .  ⁇ n the interactions of the dws of opposite ( like ) chiralities and of like polarities ( as well as of like chiralities and of opposite polarities ) are studied within the perturbation calculus .  ⁇ n the interaction of the dws of opposite ( like ) chiralities and of opposite polarities ( as well as of like chiralities and of opposite polarities ) is studied within a perturbation calculus previously developed with relevance to dws in 1d ferromagnetic wire and critical systems .  ⁇ n the field - induced collision of the dws is studied using a method developed to 1d systems in [ phys .  ⁇ n rev .  ⁇ n b * 66 * , 012305 ( 2005 ) ] .  ⁇ n the collision is found to be accompanied by the reflection of the dws , hence 
b' the density dependence of the symmetry energy in the nuclear equation of state is studied in the framework of the relativistic mean field theory .  ⁇ n the symmetry energy is calculated using the spherical harmonic approximation .  ⁇ n the symmetry energy is found to be a function of the neutron number @xmath0 and the proton number @xmath1 .  ⁇ n the symmetry energy is found to be a function of @xmath0 and @xmath1 .  ⁇ n the symmetry energy is found to be a function of @xmath0 and @xmath1 .  ⁇ n the symmetry energy is found to be a function of @xmath0 and @xmath1 .  ⁇ n the symmetry energy is found to be a function of @xmath1 .  ⁇ n the symmetry energy is found to be a function of @xmath0 and @xmath1 .  ⁇ n the symmetry energy is found to be a function of @xmath1 .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new spectroscopic and photometric study of the luminous blue variable ( lbv ) variable var c in m33 .  ⁇ n the lbv s outflow or wind speed shows little change between the two states and is slow even during quiescence .  ⁇ n this observation may be a significant clue to the lbv instability in general . '
b' we study the collective oscillations of a bose - einstein condensate in a harmonic trap .  ⁇ n we consider a system of two - dimensional polarized fermions , interacting via a quartic term .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed analysis of the planetary population of the kepler survey , based on a new , astrophysically motivated , radial velocity survey of the sun - like star mrk 501 .  ⁇ n we find that the kepler survey is dominated by low - mass planets , with a median mass of @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the kepler survey is also dominated by low - mass planets , with a median mass of @xmath1 .  ⁇ n we find that the kepler survey is dominated by low - mass planets , with a median mass of @xmath2 .  ⁇ n we also find that the kepler survey is dominated by low - mass planets , with a median mass of @xmath3 .  ⁇ n we also find that the kepler survey is dominated by low - mass planets , with a median mass of @xmath4 .  ⁇ n we also find that the ke
b' we have studied the superconducting properties of the one - band hubbard model using the roth s two - pole approximation .  ⁇ n the roth s band shift is found to be a function of the coulomb interaction .  ⁇ 
b' we calculate the penetration depth @xmath0 for a simple @xmath1 and @xmath2 model of the cuo@xmath3 planes in yba@xmath4cu@xmath5o@xmath6 .  ⁇ n we find that the @xmath7 model can account for the anisotropy between the in plane and @xmath3 axis transport properties of the cuprate superconductors .  ⁇ 
b' we present a weak lensing analysis of the cdm - dominated cluster of galaxies ngc 4528 .  ⁇ n we use a new technique to measure the weak lensing signal induced by the cluster .  ⁇ n we use a new technique to measure the weak lensing signal out to large radii from the cluster centre .  ⁇ n we find that the weak lensing signal is consistent with the navarro , frenk , & white ( nfw ) profile , and that the nfw profile is consistent with the nfw profile .  ⁇ n we also find that the nfw profile is consistent with the nfw profile .  ⁇ n we also find that the nfw profile is consistent with the nfw profile , and that the nfw profile is consistent with the nfw profile .  ⁇ n we also find that the nfw profile is consistent with the nfw profile .  ⁇ n we also find that the nfw profile is consistent with the nf
b' the effect of a lepton asymmetry on cosmological nucleosynthesis is studied .  ⁇ n the influence of a lepton asymmetry on cosmological nucleosynthesis is studied .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new method to measure kinematic disturbances in deep images of early - type galaxies .  ⁇ n we use a sample of 58 early - type galaxies from the sloan digital sky survey ( sdss ) to measure kinematic disturbances in the sdss .  ⁇ n we use a combination of kinematic maps and a combination of sdss - ii and sdss - iii images to measure kinematic disturbances in the sdss - ii images .  ⁇ n we find that kinematic disturbances in the sdss - ii images are more likely to be due to asymmetric kinematics than in the sdss - ii images .  ⁇ n we also find that the sdss - ii images are more likely to be due to asymmetric kinematics than the sdss - ii images .
b' we study the dynamics of a vortex matter in a superconductor in the presence of a magnetic field .  ⁇ n we consider a system of vortices , which are modeled as a single - layer , interacting with quasiparticles .  ⁇ 
b' we study the performance of a quantum absorption refrigerator , a device in which the external source of work is replaced by a heat bath .  ⁇ n we show that , in the presence of a finite dissipative interaction , the refrigerator can attain a coefficient of performance ( cop ) at maximum cooling power , i.e. , a factor of @xmath0 , where @xmath1 is the carnot bound .  ⁇ n we also show that the quantumness of the refrigerator , as revealed by the stationary quantum discord , plays a crucial role in its operation .  ⁇ n we also provide sufficient conditions to saturate this bound in the limit of large temperature difference .  ⁇ n finally , we issue a comprehensive analysis of stationary bipartite quantum correlations in the various relevant qubit - qubit partitions .  ⁇ n although a nonvanishing discord is always found in a specific partition , it does not relate with the stationary heat flows . '
b' we study the layered structure of silicon mono - sulfide ( sis ) using _ ab initio _ density functional theory .  ⁇ n we identify two nearly equally stable allotropes , namely the black - phosphorus - like @xmath0-sis and the blue - phosphorus - like @xmath1-sis , and determine their equilibrium geometry and electronic structure .  ⁇ n both @xmath0-sis and @xmath1-sis monolayers display a significant indirect band gap that depends sensitively on the in - layer strain .  ⁇ n different sis allotropes show a strong polarization either within or normal to the layers .  ⁇ n we find that sis may form both lateral and vertical heterostructures with phosphorene at a very small energy penalty , offering an unprecedented tunability in structural and electronic properties of sis - p compounds . '
b' we present a new method for estimating the contribution of extragalactic foreground sources to the anisotropy of the cosmic microwave background ( cmb ) .  ⁇ n we use flux data from a variety of catalogs , including recent measurements , to construct models of source spectra as a function
b' we study the synchronization of large distributed systems .  ⁇ n we consider a model of pulse - coupled oscillators , and consider the problem of synchronization in a large population of oscillators .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new computational model for the spiral of silence .  ⁇ n the model is formulated in terms of a weighted social network of interacting agents .  ⁇ 
b' we present a tight - binding model for the description of the electronic structure of transition metals .  ⁇ n the model is based on the moment expansion of the density of states , which includes up to the fifth moment .  ⁇ n the elastic constants of the high - temperature bcc - phase of zr are calculated by using standard monte carlo simulation techniques .  ⁇ n the results are compared with the available experimental data .  ⁇ n the agreement is rather satisfactory but it does not allow us to draw conclusions about the reliability of the potential .  ⁇ n the comparison with recent ab initio calculations indicates that most of the fundamental physics governing the vibrational properties of bcc - zr is contained in the interatomic potential model .  ⁇ n pacs numbers : 71.10.+d , 71.10.+e , 71.10.+e '
b' we present a simple numerical algorithm to compute the distribution of voids in a membrane made up of circular disks and impurities .  ⁇ n the algorithm is based on digitization and cell counting .  ⁇ n the results of numerical simulations are discussed and their relevance in lipid biomembranes is discussed . '
b' we investigate the magnetization , susceptibility and specific heat of dimers , squares and cubes embedded in one , two and three dimensions .  ⁇ n we show that the magnetization curves consist of clearly spaced steps , which disappear with increasing antiferromagnetic intermolecular interaction .  ⁇ n the specific value depends on the space dimension of the embedding .  ⁇ n we compare our results with the scenario of j - strain . '
b' we study the complex polynomial functions in multivariate complex variables which nevertheless take real values .  ⁇ n we show that the higher order complex tensor generalization of the hermitian matrix is a special case of the complex polynomial optimization .  ⁇ n we also discuss the eigenvalue of the complex polynomial .  ⁇ n we also discuss the eigenvalue of the complex polynomial .  ⁇ n * keywords : * complex polynomial , complex tensor , complex polynomial , complex polynomial , complex polynomial , complex polynomial , complex polynomial , complex polynomial , complex polynomial , complex tensor . '
b' we present a new model of complex social networks , based on the idea of _ baseline _ homophily .  ⁇ 
b' we demonstrate a technique for locking optical cavities that are detuned from resonance by an arbitrary amount .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed quantum relativistic calculation of the decay of unstable particles with narrow distributions of velocities observed from moving inertial frames .  ⁇ n we find that the exact formula for the time dependence of the non - decay probability in a moving inertial frame of reference is derived .  ⁇ n the results are compared with the standard time dilation formula .  ⁇ n we find that the quantum mechanical result is in sharp contradiction with special relativity .  ⁇ n pacs numbers : 03.65.pm , 03.65.pm , 03.65.sq '
b' we present optical observations of bl lacertae ( pks 2200 + 420 ) .  ⁇ n the source was observed with the 1-m telescope at yunnan astronomical observatory ( yao ) , the 1.56-m telescope at shanghai observatory ( shao ) , and the 2.16-m telescope at beijing observatory ( bao ) .  ⁇ n the source shows a strong variability on short time scales from minutes to hours .  ⁇ n the b band light curve shows a strong , irregular variation of 0.1 magnitude over a time scale of a few hours .  ⁇ n the b band light curve shows a strong , irregular variation of 0.1 magnitude over a time scale of a few hours .  ⁇ n the b band light curve shows a strong , irregular variation of 0.1 magnitude over a time scale of a few hours .  ⁇ 
b' we study the stability of all possible compressive boundary - layer solutions of the isentropic compressible navier - stokes equations with @xmath0-law pressure function .  ⁇ 
b' in this work , we present a novel sparse representation ( sr ) for ground penetrating radar ( gpr ) measurements .  ⁇ n sr is based on a sparse representation of the signal - of - interest , which is a linear combination of only a few columns or atoms of the dictionary matrix .  ⁇ 
b' a _ membrane computing _ ( p system ) is a turing complete model of computation that performs computations nondeterministically , exhausting all possible computations at any given time .  ⁇ n this type of unconventional model of computation was introduced by gheorghe pun in 1998 and takes inspiration and abstraction from other members of _ natural computing _ ( e.g. dna / molecular computing , neural networks , quantum computing ) .  ⁇ n p systems are a turing complete model that perform computations nondeterministically , exhausting all possible computations at any given time .  ⁇ n a _ membrane computing _ ( sn ) p system is a turing complete model that performs computations nondeterministically , exhausting all possible computations at any given time .  ⁇ n sn p systems are representable by matrices , which allows design and implementation of an sn p system simulator using parallel devices such as gpus .  ⁇ 
b' we present an experiment demonstrating the feasibility of a partial bell state measurement ( bsm ) over two times 25 km of optical fibers .  ⁇ n we create two degenerate photons at 1550 nm by spontaneous parametric down - conversion in a periodically poled lithium niobate waveguide .  ⁇ n the initial spectral bandwidth of 80 nm is filtered down to 0.8 nm ( 100ghz ) , corresponding to a fourier limited coherence length of 1.3 mm fwhm in air .  ⁇ n we show that the bsm can be achieved with a simple beam - splitter .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a method for detecting antiferromagnetic order in a gas of fermionic atoms in optical lattices .  ⁇ 
b' the lacewing code is a new , publically available , kinematic membership identification code .  ⁇ n it computes membership probabilities in nearby young moving groups , and can handle incomplete data .  ⁇ n it is , however , important to know how to use and interpret the results of lacewing ( and codes like it ) to obtain the most accurate results .  ⁇ 
b' we analyze the first measurements of the large yield radiometer ( lyra ) onboard the proba-2 satellite .  ⁇ n the light curve of the eclipse depends on the clv of the solar brightness and on the geometry of the eclipse .  ⁇ n we use the 1d nlte radiative transfer code for solar irradiance ( cosi ) to calculate the clv of the solar brightness and compare them with those deduced from the eclipse light curves as observed by lyra .  ⁇ n we show that the measured clv provide an important constrains on the uv opacities and the temperature structure of the solar atmosphere .  ⁇ n we come up with a model which allows to accurately reproduce the measurements .  ⁇ 
b' spherical panoramas are a new form of data display that allows users to explore a variety of forms of astronomical data .  ⁇ n we present a methodology overview for creating spherical panoramas using astronomical data .  ⁇ n we describe the math and techniques behind building spherical panoramas .  ⁇ 
b' the modified newtonian dynamics ( mond ) is an empirically - based modification of newtonian gravity or inertia in the limit of low accelerations ( @xmath0 ) suggested by milgrom as an alternative to cosmic dark matter .  ⁇ n however , problems do arise when one attempts to apply mond to the large clusters of galaxies .  ⁇ n i consider the issue of the remaining missing mass in clusters and whether or not this a fundamental problem for mond .  ⁇ n first i calculate the structure and x - ray surface brightness distribution of mond isothermal gas spheres .  ⁇ n the structure of these objects is self - similar ; the finite mass is primarily determined by the surface brightness of the hot gas and the stellar content of the galaxies .  ⁇ n the structure of these objects is self - similar ; the finite mass is primarily determined by the surface brightness of the hot gas and the stellar content of the galaxies .  ⁇ n the finite mass is primarily determined by the surface brightness of
b' we present a general procedure to combine in quadrature the uncertainties due to systematic effects and random effects .  ⁇ 
b' we study the mechanism by which magnetic energy is extracted from large - scale plasma flows and converted into heat in the process of magnetic reconnection .  ⁇ n the mechanism is based on the process of random twisting and tangling of magnetic field lines by photospheric footpoint motions .  ⁇ n we show that the rate of energy dissipation is dictated by the rate of energy cascade toward small scales , which is independent of the magnetic reynolds number .  ⁇ n this picture does not require the random rapid motion of the footpoints .  ⁇ n it is based on the small - scale turbulence that inevitably develops in such a regime .  ⁇ n once the turbulence is developed , the rate of energy dissipation is dictated by the rate of energy cascade toward small scales , which is independent of the reynolds number .  ⁇ n the scaling of the heating rate with the magnetic reynolds number is also discussed . '
b' we present the results of a search for @xmath0-ray afterglows of gamma - ray bursts ( grbs ) using the vla .  ⁇ 
b' we study the application of variational methods to bayesian problems .  ⁇ n we show that the variational bayes algorithm is a set of self - consistent equations analogous to the expectation maximization algorithm .  ⁇ n we also study the problem of two - sides clustering real value data and of clustering data represented by a hypergraph or bipartite graph .  ⁇ n we show that the variational bayes algorithm has a built in correction for model complexity or bias and , therefore , it does not require the use of additional complexity criteria .  ⁇ n the performance of the variational bayes algorithm is tested in some examples . '
b' we study the effects of quantum anomalies on the linearized hydrodynamic equations of a thermal field theory with a set of global conserved charges .  ⁇ n we show that the constitutive relation for the currents is modified in the presence of a background magnetic field coupled to one of the global conserved charges .  ⁇ n this modification of the constitutive relation occurs regardless of whether the current itself is anomalously non - conserved .  ⁇ n we use two complementary approaches to elucidate the impact of quantum anomalies on the hydrodynamic regime .  ⁇ n the first approach uses the gauge / gravity duality , in which the hydrodynamic behavior of currents in 4d thermal gauge theories is obtained from the dynamics of the dual yang  ⁇ n mills fields on black - brane backgrounds in higher dimensions .  ⁇ n the second approach is appropriate in the weak - coupling regime , in which the gauge action is a 5d chern - simons term .  ⁇ n we confirm the result of alekseev , cheianov , and frohlich for the case of
b' properties of the deformed nucleon embedded in finite nuclei are investigated .  ⁇ n the deformation effects are introduced by the distortion of the profile function of chiral field under the action of the external field ( which parameterizes the baryonic density within a given nucleus ) .  ⁇ n the effects of the deformation on the nucleon properties are investigated .  ⁇ n the dependence of the nucleon properties on the distance between the topological center of the skyrmion inside the nucleus and the geometrical center of the nucleus is considered .  ⁇ n the results of the calculations are in qualitative agreement with experimental indications and with results of other authors using different approaches .  ⁇ 
b' this paper addresses a theoretical problem arising in a novel approach to network traffic measurement .  ⁇ n we prove that , under a probabilistic model for the flow sizes ( namely that they form a vector of iid random variables ) , counter braids achieve a compression rate equal to the entropy of the flow sizes distribution , in the large system limit .  ⁇ 
b' we study the evolution of a system of three massive planets in dynamical contact with a residual gas disk and a planetesimal disk .  ⁇ n we assume that the gas - dominated epoch of planet formation is sufficiently distinct from the subsequent phase of planet - planet and planetesimal scattering that it makes sense to study the latter with pure n - body simulations .  ⁇ n we focus on two large ensembles of runs , one with a high mass function and one with a low mass function .  ⁇ n we find that the final eccentricity distribution of extrasolar planets at moderately large orbital radii matches that observed .  ⁇ n the eccentricity distribution of the planets is largely independent of the mass of the planets , and is largely independent of the mass of the planets .  ⁇ n the eccentricity distribution of the planets is largely independent of the mass of the planets , and is largely independent of the mass of the planets .  ⁇ n the eccentricity distribution of the planets is largely independent of the mass of the planet
b' we propose an all - optical approach to detune resonances within a microresonator by exploiting the thermo - optic effect at a local level .  ⁇ n the effect is demonstrated by applying it to a whispering gallery resonator waveguide system which exhibits fano interference features .  ⁇ n the continuous detuning is used to explore complete mode crossings between two resonances .  ⁇ n the model is then extended to interacting modes .  ⁇ n the results are compared with numerical simulations . '
b' we present @xmath0band integral field spectroscopy of the core of the galactic radio source 350 .  ⁇ 
b' the irradiation of a planet by its parent star is a key process in the evolution of its internal and atmospheric properties .  ⁇ n the irradiation of the planet is a key process in the evolution of the planet .  ⁇ n the irradiation of the planet is a key process in the evolution of the planet .  ⁇ 
b' we present high resolution images of au core shell nano particles obtained with scanning electron microscopy and helium ion microscopy .  ⁇ n the ctab / au core shell nano particles are covered with an interdigiting double layer of cetyltrimethylammonium ( ctab ) .  ⁇ n the ctab shell is characterized by a spectral index of @xmath0 , a spectral index of @xmath1 and a spectral index of @xmath2 .  ⁇ n the ctab shell is characterized by a spectral index of @xmath3 .  ⁇ n the ctab shell is characterized by a spectral index of @xmath4 .  ⁇ n the ctab shell is characterized by a spectral index of @xmath5 .  ⁇ n the ctab shell is characterized by a spectral index of @xmath6 .  ⁇ n the ctab shell is characterized by a spectral index of @xmat
b' we present a multi - wavelength analysis of the host galaxy of grb 150101b .  ⁇ n we confirm that the host galaxy contains a central active galactic nucleus ( agn ) , which was first suggested by @xcite , @xcite , and @xcite .  ⁇ n we also suggest that the host galaxy can be classified as an x - ray bright , optically normal galaxy .  ⁇ 
b' wigner s little groups for massive and massless particles are introduced .  ⁇ n it is shown that the lorentz group has six generators .  ⁇ n three of them generate the rotation subgroup .  ⁇ n it is also possible to construct the cylindrical group with one rotational degree of freedom and two translational degrees of freedom both leading to up - down translational degrees of freedom .  ⁇ n these two translational degrees of freedom correspond to one gauge degree of freedom for the massless particle .  ⁇ n it is also shown that the e(2)-like symmetry for the massless spin-1 particle leads to its helicity and gauge degree of freedom .  ⁇ n likewise , there is a gauge degree of freedom for the massless spin-1/2 particle .  ⁇ n the requirement of gauge invariance leads to the polarization of massless neutrinos . '
b' we study the many - body statistics of brownian particles in a binary colloidal suspension governed by pairwise additive nonreciprocal forces and erratic brownian forces .  ⁇ n we develop a microscopic statistical theory based on the many - body - smoluchowski equation and the kirkwood superposition approximation as a closure .  ⁇ n we find that nonreciprocity induces distinct nonequilibrium pair correlations , and we also analyze the triplet correlations and the impact of the kirkwood superposition approximation .  ⁇ n we find that nonreciprocity induces distinct nonequilibrium pair correlations , and we also analyze the impact of the kirkwood superposition approximation . '
b' we present a detailed study of the optical scattering of eumelanin solutions .  ⁇ n we use a simple model to calculate the optical scattering coefficient , @xmath0 , for a dilute solution of eumelanin .  ⁇ 
b' we study the dynamics of a spin - orbit coupled bose - einstein condensate ( bec ) after a sudden change of system parameters such as the interaction strength or the laser parameters generating the synthetic spin - orbit coupling ( soc ) .  ⁇ n we adopt a self - consistent bogoliubov approach to model the dynamical process .  ⁇ 
b' we study the electromagnetic casimir interaction between a compact object and a planar surface in the presence of a curved surface .  ⁇ n we derive the casimir energy as a functional determinant of a matrix of reflection amplitudes .  ⁇ n we show that the casimir interaction between the object and the surface is governed by a casimir - polder potential that is derived in the proximity force approximation .  ⁇ 
b' the financial dynamics is a multiscale phenomenon and therefore the question which of its properties are scale invariant and which are scale characteristic refers to the essence of this phenomenon .  ⁇ n there exists strong related evidence that at least a large portion of the financial dynamics is governed by phenomena analogous to criticality in the statistical physics sense .  ⁇ n the question which of its properties are scale invariant refers to the essence of this phenomenon .  ⁇ 
b' we study the photoabsorption mechanism in ( @xmath0 ) and ( @
b' this paper presents a novel approach to the analysis of cyber - secure control systems .  ⁇ 
b' we present a framework to compare the outcome of different interestingness measures applied to rank association rules generated in the food retail domain .  ⁇ n our dataset contains @xmath0 million receipts from stores in all of france , gathered over one year , 2013 .  ⁇ 
b' we study the cosmological evolution of the lovelock tensors in a time - slicing .  ⁇ n we show that the cosmological evolution is deterministic if the initial data are adm - slicing .  ⁇ n we also show that the cosmological evolution is deterministic if the initial data are adm - slicing .  ⁇ n we also show that the cosmological evolution is deterministic if the initial data are adm - slicing .  ⁇ n we also show that the cosmological evolution is deterministic if the initial data are adm - slicing .  ⁇ n we also show that the cosmological evolution is deterministic if the initial data are adm - slicing . '
b' we present a study of the light - cone sum rules for the nucleon electromagnetic form factors at high photon virtualities up to @xmath0 gev@
b' we investigate the role of binary options in the process of social decision making .  ⁇ n we focus on subjects answering questions with binary options , one of which is correct .  ⁇ n we use previously published data sets in which the participants first answer in the absence of social information and later with binary options .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the robustness against the failure of individual reactions and pairs of reactions in metabolic networks .  ⁇ n we compare cascades in the original networks with those obtained from two null models : degree preserving and mass - balanced randomization .  ⁇ n we find that the two null models give very different results , which is explained in terms of the properties of the original networks obtained by both randomization methods .  ⁇ n we use kolmogorov - smirnov tests to statistically assess whether the two null models are enough to explain the resulting damage distributions in the original networks .  ⁇ n we find that the two organisms exhibit cascades whose properties lie between those expected from the two considered null models .  ⁇ 
b' we study the search for light stop pair production in the minimal supersymmetric standard model ( mssm ) .  ⁇ n we find that the atlas @xmath0 excess is consistent with the standard model , while the cms @xmath1 excess is consistent with the standard model .  ⁇ n we also discuss the direct detection constraints and the relic abundance . '
b' we propose a constitutive model for the mechanical behaviour of shape memory alloys , which is based on a ginzburg - landau theory for phase transitions .  ⁇ 
b' we report on the first measurement of the j/@xmath0 elliptic flow ( @xmath1 ) in pb - pb collisions at @xmath2 = 2.76 tev .  ⁇ n the j/@xmath0 is studied via its dimuon decay channel .  ⁇ n the evolution of the j/@xmath0 @xmath1 with centrality and @xmath2 is presented . '
b' we extend the analysis of interactive , small - step algorithms , begun in @xcite , by removing the restriction to ordinary algorithms .  ⁇ n we provide postulates and definitions describing a general notion of interactive , small - step algorithm .  ⁇ n we also extend the syntax and semantics of abstract state machines ( asms ) so that non - ordinary algorithms become expressible .  ⁇ 
b' we compile radio , near - infrared and optical data of accreting millisecond x - ray pulsars ( amxps ) and constrain the dominant emission processes from their spectral energy distributions ( seds ) .  ⁇ n these are compared to data in the literature of other types of accreting neutron stars as well as black holes .  ⁇ 
"b"" we present a new mechanism for the ejection of a massive envelope in a short - period black - hole binary .  ⁇ n this mechanism is based on the  ⁇  explosive common - envelope ejection '' , involving nuclear rather than orbital energy , which can be highly efficient in ejecting a massive envelope even if the companion is a relatively low - mass star .  ⁇ n we show that the ejection of a massive envelope can be highly efficient , if the companion is a low - mass star .  ⁇ n we show that the ejection of a massive envelope can be triggered by a supernova explosion , with a typical ejecta energy of @xmath0ergs .  ⁇ n this is a factor of @xmath1 larger than the energy released in a typical supernova explosion .  ⁇ n we also show that the ejection of a massive envelope can be triggered by a long - duration gamma - ray burst if the black - hole pro
b' we present a photon counting method for a pulsed light source lit at a repetition rate of mhz or higher .  ⁇ n the method was used to investigate the gain change of a photomultiplier .  ⁇ n the results of tests on the led light source and its monitor system are presented . '
b' we present optical photometric observations of the ultra - compact x - ray binary 4u0614 + 091 .  ⁇ n the system was observed with the 80 cm iac80 telescope , the 2.5 m nordic optical telescope and the 1.5 telescope at san pedro martin .  ⁇ 
b' heat conductivity of discrete lattices with on - site nonlinearity and quadratic potential of nearest - neighbor interaction is investigated .  ⁇ n the dependence of the heat conductivity on the temperature and parameters of the lattices is investigated .  ⁇ n the lattices are frenkel - kontorova , sinh - gordon and discrete @xmath0 - 4 .  ⁇ 
b' we study the electromagnetic form factors of the nucleons in the light - front scalar quark - diquark model .  ⁇ 
b' we present a review of the methods that are used to measure mass - loss rates from infrared data .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a scheme for quantum key generation based on single photons bi - partite correlation functions .  ⁇ n the scheme is similar to simplified epr protocol ( bbm92 ) where the epr pairs are replaced with two weak coherent states prepared from a light source in the middle of alice and bob .  ⁇ n the security of this scheme is guaranteed by the fact that the nonorthogonality of the product coherent states , which can not be identified by a single measurement , can be restricted to be more than one photon in a coherent pulse .  ⁇ n we discuss how this condition can restrict more than one photon in a coherent pulse and hence to prevent the photon - number splitting attack . '
b' we demonstrate experimentally that the transmission of a signal through a narrow epsilon - near - zero ( enz ) channel can be dynamically controlled by placing a tuning element within the waveguide .  ⁇ n this allows for efficient sensing of the enz resonance , with potential applications in tunable slow - light structures .  ⁇ n we also demonstrate that the introduction of nonlinearity into the system allows the enz resonance to be controlled by the incident wave itself . '
b' we consider the problem of encoding an object by a function .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new numerical code for the simulation of white dwarf mergers .  ⁇ n the code is based on a sph code with a resolution of @xmath0 particles .  ⁇ 
b' we test the cosmological model with adiabatic matter creation based on the recent 186 type ia supernovae , combined with the observational data from differential age measurements of galaxies , the cosmic microwave background and bao .  ⁇ n the model with both matter creation and cosmological constant is also examined .  ⁇ n it is found that the model with both matter creation and cosmological constant is consistent with the observational accelerating expansion of the universe .  ⁇ n the model with both matter creation and cosmological constant is also examined . '
b' we present a brief overview of the status of the acat2002 workshop .  ⁇ n we discuss the status of the acat2002 workshop and present the status of the acat2002 project .  ⁇ n we also discuss the status of the acat2002 workshop . ' mississajous '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '
b' we compare the performance of a global approach to finding the roots of univariate polynomials with the @xmath0-theory of newton .  ⁇ 
b' we analyze the effect of radiation damage on the diffraction patterns of a single x - ray free electron laser ( xfel ) irradiated by a single xfel .  ⁇ n we derive an approximate formula for the total ( elastic and inelastic ) x - ray intensity scattered off an xfel irradiated sample .  ⁇ n it is derived from the estimates obtained with single - particle densities .  ⁇ n the results obtained are tested against numerical simulations . '
b' titan s atmosphere is dominated by nitrogen and methane .  ⁇ n the dense orange - brown smog hiding the satellite s surface is produced by photochemical reactions of methane , nitrogen , and their dissociation products with solar ultraviolet .  ⁇ n the photochemical reactions of ethane and their dissociation products with solar ultraviolet lead to the formation of ethane and heavier hydrocarbons .  ⁇ n the ethane / methane ratio of titan s ligeia mare is a key parameter that determines the ultimate composition of titan s lakes and seas .  ⁇ n we use a thermodynamic model to investigate the range of initial compositions of titan s lakes and seas that could be consistent with the recent measurements that show it to be dominated by methane .  ⁇ n we show that , if the lakes and seas are in contact with clathrate reservoirs , they could become dominated by ethane and/or propane and be extremely impoverished in methane .  ⁇ n we also show that , 
b' we present a microscopic calculation of the spin - dependent symmetry potential in spin - asymmetric nuclear matter .  ⁇ n the spin - dependent symmetry potential is derived from the dirac - brueckner - hartree - fock formalism .  ⁇ n the spin - dependent symmetry potential is found to be split into two parts , namely a _  ⁇ n symmetric _ part and a _ symmetric _ part .  ⁇ n the symmetry potential is found to be split into two parts , namely a _ symmetric _ part and a _ symmetric _ part .  ⁇ n the symmetry potential is found to be split into two parts , namely a _ symmetric _ part and a _ symmetric _ part .  ⁇ n the symmetry potential is found to be split into two parts .  ⁇ n the symmetry potential is found to be split into two parts , a _ symmetric _ part and a _ symmetric _ part .  ⁇ 
b' we consider a large class of finite - range non - gaussian interactions submitted to square - well or @xmath0 potentials .  ⁇ 
b' we present the first x - ray doppler imaging of a contact binary system , made possible by the high spectral resolution and stable wavelength scale of the _ chandra _ high - energy transmission grating .  ⁇ n the x - ray spectrum of 44_@xmath0 _ boo shows a polar - dominated structure , with a polar - dominated component , and a polar - dominated component , with a polar - dominated component , with a polar - dominated component .  ⁇ n the polar - dominated component is a polar - dominated component , with a polar - dominated component , with a polar - dominated component , with a polar - dominated component , with a polar - dominated component , with a polar - dominated component , with a polar - dominated component .  ⁇ n the polar - dominated component is a polar - 
b' we consider a non - equilibrium steady - state ( ness ) situation within a probe sector which is kept in contact with a large background at some given temperature .  ⁇ n we argue that _ all modes _ in this probe sector experience an effective temperature with respect to which it has a purely thermal behaviour .  ⁇ n we also argue that for conformal systems this effective temperature is always larger than the background temperature .  ⁇ n the heat flow between the probe sector and the background is suppressed .  ⁇ n we discuss the consequences of this for a broader perspective and a technically detailed account will appear elsewhere . '
b' we present co(1 - 0 ) luminosities for a sample of luminous infrared galaxies ( ligs ) with @
b' we study a stochastic replicator model with a randomly fluctuating growth rate as a model of widening disparity .  ⁇ n we show that winner - take - all phenomena occur in the simplest model , and that the disparity among many elements increases indefinitely even if each element is statistically equivalent .  ⁇ n we introduce a nonlinear load factor corresponding to progressive taxation and show that disparity widening is suppressed .  ⁇ n furthermore , we find stationary equilibrium distributions for the fokker - planck equation . '
b' we present results of a simulation of 2-colour qcd at finite quark - number density .  ⁇ n the theory is simulated with 4 flavours of staggered quarks , and at zero temperature .  ⁇ n the chiral and diquark condensates , the quark - number and energy densities , and the polyakov loop are measured .  ⁇ n the lattice spacing is @
b' we study the adiabatic error of an adiabatic quantum search algorithm , in a closed system setting .  ⁇ n we show that the adiabatic error can be expressed as an explicit function of the evolution time , and provide a polynomial upper bound for the adiabatic error .  ⁇ n we also show that a leading order truncation of this series expansion can result in misleading estimates for the scaling of the evolution time _ vs _ system size .  ⁇ n we draw this conclusion on the basis of a careful study of the adiabatic error , showing that it may exhibit a short-@xmath0 _ exponential _ decay .  ⁇ n we also show that a leading order truncation of this series can result in misleading estimates for the scaling of the evolution time _ vs _ system size . '
b' we study the possibility of a bose - einstein condensate of gravitons in a schwarzschild black hole .  ⁇ n we show that , in the case of vanishing angular momentum , the condensate is indeed possible .  ⁇ n we also show that in theories of emergent gravity , the ultimate nature of gravitons may be some type of fermionic degrees of freedom . '
b' we present a new model for the dipole cross section in the color dipole picture .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a minimal model for geomagnetism based on a long - range coupling of macro - spins .  ⁇ n this model is essentially different from the previous domino model in which only neighboring spins interact with each other .  ⁇ n this model naturally yields many of the observed features of geomagnetism : its time evolution , the power spectrum , the frequency distribution of stable polarity periods , etc .  ⁇ n .  ⁇ n we also show the _ generality _ of the model .  ⁇ n we also show that the long - range coupling model can also describe the synchronization physics as well as the quasi - periodic variation of solar magnetic field .  ⁇ n furthermore the long - range coupling in our model itself can produce sufficient chaoticity and randomness without introducing explicit random force as in the domino model .  ⁇ n thus the long - range coupling model has rich physics and generality . '
b' we study the time evolution of a pair of fractionalized spinons in a two - leg spin ladder model .  ⁇ n we find that the confinement mechanism would lead to nontrivial dynamics of the spinons , which enables us to visualize confinement in real time .  ⁇ 
b' we study the effect of beam asymmetry in full - sky cosmic microwave background ( cmb ) temperature and polarization anisotropy experiments .  ⁇ n we derive the full - sky convolution for a complex asymmetric beam and define the measured temperature and polarization anisotropies globally on the group manifold of the three - dimensional rotation .  ⁇ 
b' we present a method for mapping the electronic dynamics of magnetization to a classical atomic model based on the heisenberg hamiltonian .  ⁇ 
b' we present high - resolution mid - infrared imaging of the nearby , young , late - type binary hen 3 - 600 .  ⁇ n the hen 3 - 600 system is a t tauri pair in the vicinity of the nearby , isolated , young star tw hydrae .  ⁇ n the h@xmath010@
b' we present a formalism for the fixed - node monte carlo method for lattice fermions .  ⁇ n we show how the results of this method can be used to calculate properties of the true ground state of the system .  ⁇ n we give a few examples of applications of these methods , in comparing our results to those presented by other authors , for a few systems frequently used in the literature . '
b' we present results from a acis - i observation of the galaxy cluster e. the x - ray emission is dominated by a bow shock .  ⁇ 
b' the linear stability of the neoclassical tearing mode ( ntm ) in a toroidal plasma is studied using the gyro - kinetic framework of equations .  ⁇ n the growth rate and frequency of the mode are found to scale with the variation of the background density , temperature and current profile .  ⁇ 
b' we present the first integral field spectroscopic observations of a sample of spiral bulges .  ⁇ n the data are based on a _ hubble space telescope _  ⁇ n stis survey of 54 local spirals .  ⁇ 
b' we review the current status of reionization , and discuss the possible connections to the cosmic microwave background ( cmb ) .  ⁇ n we discuss the ionization history of the intergalactic medium ( igm ) , and discuss the possible connections to the cmb .  ⁇ 
b' we present a method to calculate the conductance through a mesoscopic ring in which both the kondo effect and the interference effects are present .  ⁇ 
b' we study the degree distribution of a complex network , a network that possesses both the small world property and the high degree of clustering .  ⁇ n we show that the degree distribution is a first way to characterize the topology of a complex network .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a quantum processor for quantum computation based on a superconducting qubit coupled to a superconducting resonator .  ⁇ 
b' we report on the results of a search for the lepton flavour violating decay @xmath0 , based on data collected by the meg experiment at the paul scherrer institut .  ⁇ n the muons were stopped in a target stop with rate adjusted to be 2.8 hz .  ⁇ n 6.5 10@xmath1 muons were stopped on the target and 22 m triggered events acquired .  ⁇ 
b' we develop a statistical foundation for reconstructing population pedigrees from observations ( sequences ) on extant individuals .  ⁇ n we establish identifiability and statistical consistency results for a model of sequence evolution , and then give estimates for the amount of genomic data needed to reliably construct pedigrees .  ⁇ n we also give estimates for the amount of genomic data needed to construct pedigrees . '
b' we study the dynamics of a gamma - ray burst ( grb ) in a steady - state , magnetized plasma .  ⁇ n the jet is initially collimated and is driven by a rarefaction wave , which is driven by the sideways expansion of the jet .  ⁇ 
b' the atomic pair distribution function ( pdf ) of nanoparticles is analyzed by means of the spherical shape effect .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new orthonormal basis of vector slepian harmonics ( vslhs ) for approximating the illumination in a high numerical aperture ( na ) system .  ⁇ n the vslh basis function represents the vectorial plane - wave amplitudes ( pwas ) of a focused field described by a corresponding vector slepian multipole field ( vslmf ) .  ⁇ n the directionality of the vslh basis function allows us to approximate common illumination pwas using a smaller number of coefficients than a representation using the vector spherical harmonics does .  ⁇ n we demonstrate the applicability of these novel vector bases for general inverse problems in high na focusing .  ⁇ n three examples are considered : the optical needle , tube and bubble . '
b' we study the schwinger - dyson equations for wilson loops , which are wilson lines defined on a set of closed contours .  ⁇ 
b' we present a _ chandra _ acis - s observation of the x - ray galaxy ngc7016 , which is a member of the reflex cluster abell3744 .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new approach to the study of the @xmath0-bulge relation , based on the bivariate distribution function of black hole mass and spheroid property .  ⁇ 
b' we present a theory which can explain the interaction between superconducting and soft magnetic films .  ⁇ n the theory is based on the kerr effect , where all the polarization rotation takes place within the first few nanometers of the film .  ⁇ 
b' we study the geometric phase of uhlmann s standard purification bundle , which is a generalization of sjqvist - tong _  ⁇ n et al . _ s definition of geometric phase .  ⁇ n we show that the standard purification bundle can be reduced to a principal fiber bundle with a connection that reproduces the geometric phase of tong _  ⁇ n et al . _ s geometric phase . '
b' we present a keck hires analysis of the broad absorption line ( bal ) in q1246@xmath4047 .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed spectroscopic analysis of the x - ray spectra of the supernova remnant w28 .  ⁇ 
b' we study the dynamics of a binary mixture of charged particles with a size ratio of 1:5 .  ⁇ n the system exhibits a phase transition from a fluid to a mixture of crystalline large particles and fluid like small particles .  ⁇ n when temperature is sufficiently lowered , the small particles are localized and crystallize , eventually , into a sublattice with respect to the large particle lattice .  ⁇ n the movement of the small particles can be characterized by a hopping motion in an external periodic potential created by the large particles .  ⁇ n although the effective packing fraction of the small particles is relatively small , structural correlations among the small particles occur , associated with a complex distribution of single particle potential energies .  ⁇ n we develop analytic theories for this case and show that the predictions of our model could be rationalized experimentally . '
b' we study the onset of quantum chaos in spin-1/2 chains with a dzyaloshinskii - moriya interaction .  ⁇ n we show that the onset of chaos can be achieved by increasing the strength of the dzyaloshinskii - moriya interaction .  ⁇ n we also show that the onset of chaos can be achieved by increasing the strength of the dzyaloshinskii - moriya interaction .  ⁇ n we also show that the onset of chaos can be achieved by increasing the strength of the dzyaloshinskii - moriya interaction . '
b' we study the electronic structure of a periodic array of hydrogen adatoms on top of a carbon atom in graphene .  ⁇ n the adatoms are expected to form a strong covalent bond with the carbon atom , leading to a sharp resonance near the fermi energy .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the melting of a @xmath0 condensate in newly born hot and neutrino - trapped protoneutron stars .  ⁇ n the equation of state involving antikaon condensates is calculated in the framework of the chiral perturbation theory .  ⁇ n the critical temperature of @xmath0 condensation in hot and neutrino - trapped protoneutron stars is calculated .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new approach to the analysis of sexual networks .  ⁇ 
b' we study the entropy production of a nonequilibrium stationary state of a surface growth model in the kardar - parisi - zhang universality class .  ⁇ n we show that the entropy production is a non - zero quantity if detailed balance is fulfilled .  ⁇ n we show that the entropy production is a non - zero quantity if detailed balance is fulfilled .  ⁇ 
b' we present an _ ab initio _ study of x - ray absorption spectra of azobenzene - functionalized self - assembled monolayers ( sams ) .  ⁇ n we consider excitations from the nitrogen @xmath0 edge , i.e. , involving transitions from 1@xmath2 electrons to the conduction bands .  ⁇ n we obtain exciton binding energies and determine the character of the core - level excitations .  ⁇ n we analyze the xas at increasing density of azobenzene molecules , and we compare our results with experimental data .  ⁇ n we find that the excitons are strongly correlated with the chromophores , and that the excitons are strongly correlated with the chromophores .  ⁇ n we also find that the excitons are strongly correlated with the chromophores , and that the chromophores are strongly correlated with the chromophores .  ⁇ n we also find that the excitons
b' we study the diffusion of a brownian particle in a periodic potential tilted with an additional constant force field .  ⁇ n the particle is modeled by means of a stochastic langevin equation .  ⁇ 
b' we study the noncommutative @xmath0 model in the unbroken phase ( massive @xmath1 ) of the 2 + 1 dimensional model .  ⁇ n we show that the renormalization group is able to determine the renormalization group in the unbroken phase ( massive @xmath2 ) .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the x - ray variability of a sample of narrow - line seyfert 1 galaxies .  ⁇ n we use a sample of agn with a broad - line spectral index of @xmath0 , and a sample of agn with a broad - line spectral index of @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we find that the x - ray variability of narrow - line seyfert 1s is correlated with the spectral index of the broad - line seyfert 1s .  ⁇ n we also find that the x - ray variability of broad - line seyfert 1s is correlated with the spectral index of the broad - line seyfert 1s .  ⁇ n we find that the x - ray variability of narrow - line seyfert 1s is correlated with the spectral index of the broad - line seyfert 1s .  ⁇ n we also find that the x -
b' we study the baryon vertex in various gravity backgrounds with the probe branes .  ⁇ n we find that there exist a baryon vertex only in some of the confining backgrounds , while no such object in any of the black hole backgrounds .  ⁇ n interesting question is whether there is any canonical definition of mass in the absence of lorentz symmetry .  ⁇ n we show numerically that mass drops as density increases for baryons with heavy quarks , while mass v.s density profile has a minimum for baryons with light quarks .  ⁇ n the latter behavior is shared by the systems d4/d6 and d4/d8@xmath0 . '
b' these lectures are a writeup of the current status of event generators for hadron colliders .  ⁇ n they are mainly focused on applications of event generators to @xmath0 machines like lep and ilc or @xmath1 machines like hera .  ⁇ n the emphasis is on the common aspects of qcd physics that occurs in all collisions , rather on those aspect that are specific to a particular physics topic , such as the potential formation of a quark gluon plasma .  ⁇ n the emphasis is on initial- and final - state showers , and on how showers can be matched to different hard processes .  ⁇ n the issue of multiple interactions and their role in mimimum - bias and underlying - event physics is introduced , followed by some brief comments on hadronization .  ⁇ n the article concludes with an outlook on the ongoing generator - development work . '
b' we study the non - gaussianity of the primordial curvature perturbations in the local model .  ⁇ n we show that the amplitude of non - gaussianity is a function of the amplitude of the gravitational potential .  ⁇ n we show that the amplitude of non - gaussianity is a function of the amplitude of the gravitational potential .  ⁇ 
b' we study atomic decompositions of the space @xmath0 using translations of a family of functions on irregular grids , and arbitrary dilations .  ⁇ n we prove the existence of smooth time - frequency frame atoms in several variables .  ⁇ n the setting includes as particular cases , wavelet frames on irregular lattices and with a set of dilations or transformations that do not have a group structure .  ⁇ n an additional particular case is non - harmonic gabor frames with non - uniform covering of the euclidean space .  ⁇ n it also leads to new constructions of wavelet and gabor frames with regular lattice translates .  ⁇ n we also give conditions for the existence of smooth time - frequency frame atoms in several variables .  ⁇ n the setting includes as particular cases , wavelet frames on irregular lattices and with a set of dilations or transformations that do not have a group structure .  ⁇ n it also leads to new constructions of wavelet and gabor frames with regular la
b' we present predictions for the statistical properties of voids in the distributions of galaxies and dark matter in a cold dark matter ( cdm ) universe .  ⁇ n we use a combination of n - body simulations of dark matter and semi - analytical modelling of galaxy formation to make predictions for the voids in the 2dfgrs and sdss surveys .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the dust emission from the t tauri star tw hya , based on a combination of astrometric and spectroscopic observations .  ⁇ 
b' we study spatiotemporal correlations of the service usage patterns of individual users by analyzing a handset - based dataset .  ⁇ n the dataset was collected from 124 users handsets for over 16 months as a part of the otasizzle project at aalto university , finland .  ⁇ n after constructing spatiotemporal trajectories of the users we identify several contexts that are meaningful to them by using the context detection method .  ⁇ n then , we find correlations between the spatiotemporal trajectories and the service usage patterns .  ⁇ n we observe the similarity and diversity in temporal patterns of the service usages and discuss their temporal correlations , time - ordering behavior , and behavioral overlap network based on the clustering results .  ⁇ n our approach provides a useful framework for handset - based data analysis , and hence it would be important for better design of information and communications technology enabled social environments and services . '
b' we study the problem of describing the cosmological perturbations in a braneworld , i.e. a submanifold embedded in a higher dimensional spacetime .  ⁇ n we show how to define meaningful ( linear ) perturbations for tensorial quantities defined on the submanifold .  ⁇ n we apply these notions to a 5d metric tensor as an example .  ⁇ n we then turn to the problem of calculating the extrinsic curvature tensor of the brane . '
b' a hierarchical representation of object is a useful tool for capturing the variations in the appearance of object due to articulated deformations .  ⁇ n we propose a novel formulation of exemplar - based models .  ⁇ 
b' we consider a rigid rod of stiffly aligned monomers in a shear flow .  ⁇ n we derive the equation for the probability distribution of the steady state and show that the solution is exact in the large-@xmath0 limit .  ⁇ n we show that the solution admits an exact analytical solution , which demonstrates scaling behavior in the large-@xmath0 limit .  ⁇ n we also analyze the scaling solution for the large-@xmath0 limit and give the properties of the tumbling process . '
b' the basic assumption common to all of them is that there exists some fundamental objects out of them the structure of space and time is constructed .  ⁇ n we identify those objects as events , processes , yes - no experiments , monads ( following leibniz s ideas ) and so on .  ⁇ n the conceps of space and time are for these authors derived concepts in the logical as well in the ontological level .  ⁇ 
b' we present a model for the x - ray afterglows of short gamma - ray bursts ( sgrbs ) , based on a two - wind model .  ⁇ 
b' in this paper we propose a multiplication algorithm for small inputs .  ⁇ n the algorithm is based on nikhilam sutra or method from vedic mathematics .  ⁇ 
b' we study the coherent scattering of neutrinos on complex nuclei , based on the phenomenological model of neutrino - nucleus scattering .  ⁇ 
b' we present a multi - wavelength study of the circumstellar nebula of the luminous red supergiant vy canis majoris .  ⁇ n the nebula is dominated by a prominent nebulous arc to the northwest and two bright filamentary loops or arcs to the southwest of the star .  ⁇ 
b' the relaxation of a metallic alloy based on pd er h after the hydrogen saturation is studied in the frameworks of macroscopic approach .  ⁇ n it is shown that the hydrogen saturation induces nonmonotonic time variations in the relative volume of the phases enriched and depleted of er atoms .  ⁇ n the diffusion flux between the enriched and depleted phases of the pd er h matrix is also turbulent .  ⁇ n the results are compared with the results of the macroscopic model . '
b' we study the geometrical properties of the monopole trajectories belonging to the percolating cluster .  ⁇ n we measure the average length of the segments connecting crossings and the average euclidean distance between the crossings .  ⁇ n we observe simple scaling properties which confirm the reality of the map monopoles as physical objects . '
b' we calculate the partonic cross section at next - to - next - to - leading order in perturbative qcd .  ⁇ 
b' we present spectroscopic confirmation of three clusters at @xmath0 , based on deep spitzer wide - area infrared extragalactic survey ( swire ) imaging and spectroscopy .  ⁇ 
b' in this paper , we investigate a renewable energy powered cognitive radio ( cr ) system , where a primary user ( pu ) transmits with constant power .  ⁇ n the pu transmitter ( tx ) is equipped with an energy harvester ( e.g. , a photovoltaic ) , and the harvested renewable energy is stored in a battery before usage .  ⁇ n the generated data from application layer of the su tx is stored in a first - in - first - out ( fifo ) data buffer .  ⁇ n in each transmission slot , the su tx allocates the stored renewable energy for transmitting some data to the pu rx .  ⁇ n the average buffer delay is an important qos merit ( delay - sensitive traffic such as the video increases sharply in wide - spectrum wireless networks , e.g. , lte networks ) .  ⁇ n next , we analyze the constraints : in each slot , the allocated power , the transmitted data , and the pu s isr should not extend
b' we have measured the steady state statistical properties of a granular gas in a single layer of identical spherical particles .  ⁇ n the system is characterized by a complex phase diagram , with a complex phase diagram that bears many similarities to equilibrium two - dimensional systems , but we have also directly measured particle velocity distributions that are non - maxwellian , and density correlation functions that show non - equilibrium effects .  ⁇ n we have also measured the cross - correlation between density and temperature fluctuations , and the effects of constraining the granular layer by placing a lid above it .  ⁇ n we have also measured the cross - correlation between density and temperature fluctuations , and the effects of constraining the granular layer by placing a lid above it .  ⁇ n we have also measured the cross - correlation between density and temperature fluctuations , and the effects of constraining the granular layer by placing a lid above it .  ⁇ 
b' we present a simple model to simulate the compaction of a packing of monosize hard spheres submitted to vertical taps .  ⁇ n the model is based on the geometric constraint between hard spheres .  ⁇ n the model is able to reproduce qualitatively the experimental results of the chicago group and some further results in agreement with different numerical and theoretical studies .  ⁇ 
b' we study the effect of chiral anomaly on the magnetoconductivity of weyl semimetals .  ⁇ n we show that the chiral anomaly can be induced by a magnetic field along the conductivity measurement direction .  ⁇ n we also show that the chiral anomaly can be induced by a magnetic field along the conductivity measurement direction .  ⁇ n we also show that the chiral anomaly can be induced by a magnetic field along the conductivity measurement direction . '
b' we present the results of a multi - scale vision model to study the diffuse intra - group light ( igl ) in hickson compact groups .  ⁇ n we have detected igl in hcg 79 and hcg 95 , in different evolutionary stages .  ⁇ n hcg 79 has an irregular igl distribution , which closely matches the x - ray distribution , and is bluer than the galaxies ( ( b - r ) = 1.5 ) .  ⁇ n hcg 95 has an almost spherical igl distribution , with colors typical of old stellar populations .  ⁇ n non - detection of igl in hcg 88 , indicating an early stage of dynamical evolution .  ⁇ n we suggest an evolutionary sequence : hcg 79 , in an advanced stage of dynamical evolution ; hcg 95 , intermediate stage ; and hcg 88 , initial epoch still without igl 
b' we study the creeping of a soft metal under constant stress .  ⁇ n the creeping is observed to exhibit a time dependent noisy component .  ⁇ n the two models ( the local form of a physical one ) predict fluctuations with a correlation time that increases before the catastrophe , just as is observed experimentally .  ⁇ n the important point is that this well known critical slowing down phenomenon occurs significantly _ before _ the transition and could be used to forewarn it .  ⁇ n we show that the dynamical saddle - node bifurcation model is the reduced form of a set of equations previously used to describe the portevin - le chatelier effect in metals , or metallic alloys , and so could be used as a forewarning . '
b' i discuss the possibility of observing classical black hole production in transplanckian particle collisions .  ⁇ 
b' we present analytic solutions of the geodesic equations for test particles in higher dimensional black ring spacetimes .  ⁇ n the solutions are obtained in terms of the jacobi inversion problem .  ⁇ n the solutions are obtained for the singly spinning black ring and for the schwarzschild-(anti ) de sitter spacetimes .  ⁇ n the solutions are obtained for the schwarzschild-(anti ) de sitter spacetimes .  ⁇ n the solutions are obtained for the schwarzschild-(anti ) de sitter spacetimes .  ⁇ n the solutions are found for the schwarzschild-(anti ) de sitter spacetimes .  ⁇ n the solutions are found for the schwarzschild-(anti ) de sitter spacetimes .  ⁇ n the solutions are found for the schwarzschild-(anti ) de sitter spacetimes .  ⁇ n the solutions are found for the schwarzschild-(anti ) de sitter spacetimes .  ⁇ n the solutions are found for the schwarzschild
b' we present a new spectroscopic analysis of the rosat xrt pspc spectra of the lr@l .  ⁇ n the spectra of the lr@l , lr@l , and lr@l are compared with those of the rosat xrt pspc .  ⁇ n the spectra of the lr@l , lr@l , and lr@l are compared with those of the rosat xrt pspc .  ⁇ n the spectra of the lr@l , lr@l , and lr@l are compared with those of the rosat xrt pspc pspc pspc pspc pspc pspc pspc pspc pspc pspc pspc pspc pspc pspc p
b' we present a large sample of candidate high - redshift galaxy cluster progenitors in the 1.62 deg@xmath0 cosmos / ultravista field .  ⁇ n we use a set of large - scale galaxy density maps generated from a set of matched simulated fields incorporating galaxy selection effects and redshift uncertainties .  ⁇ 
b' we study the effect of inter - species interactions on the quantum spin hall effect in an interacting ( pseudo-)spin-1/2 system .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the mid - infrared ( mir ) diffuse emission as seen by the irac camera of the spitzer space telescope .  ⁇ 
b' we discuss the resonance conditions of neutrinos due to the mikheyev - smirnov - wolfenstein effects in matter .  ⁇ n the discriminant of the characteristic equation made from the hamiltonian in matter is used to estimate the resonance conditions .  ⁇ n the results of our calculations are in good agreement with the results of the upcoming miniboone experiments . '
b' in this note , we review the connection between ads / cft duality and quark - gluon plasma ( qgp ) experiments at rhic .  ⁇ n we first give a short course on string theory , in particular emphasizing on how gauge theories and black holes are described in string theory .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a clustering - based iterative algorithm to solve certain optimization problems in machine learning when data size is large and thus it becomes impractical to use out - of - the - box algorithms .  ⁇ n we rely on the principle of data aggregation and then subsequent disaggregations .  ⁇ n while it is standard practice to aggregate the data and calibrate the machine learning algorithm on aggregated data , we embed this into an iterative framework where initial aggregations are gradually disaggregated to the extent that even an optimal solution is obtainable .  ⁇ n we apply the algorithm to three common machine learning problems : least absolute deviation regression ( lad ) , support vector machines ( svm ) , and semi - supervised support vector machines ( s@xmath0vm ) .  ⁇ n the algorithm has additional properties shown for the selected problems in this paper .  ⁇ n the ability to report the optimality gap and monotonic convergence to global optimum are features of our algorithm for lad and svm , while our algorithm guarantees optimality without monoton
b' we examine whether there exists the relation between spinless massive particles coupled with 2 + 1 dimensional einstein gravity and the lorentzian version of the noncommutative field theory .  ⁇ n it is known that the noncommutative field theory in the lie algebraic noncommutative space @xmath0=2i ⁇ kappa  ⁇ epsilon ⁇ ijk ⁇ hat ⁇ x ⁇ _k  ⁇ (i , j , k=0,1,2)$ ] possesses an @xmath4 group momentum space .  ⁇ n however , we point out that full momentum space of the spinless massive particles is generally different from the @xmath4 group momentum space because there are arbitrary negative energy particle solutions in 2 + 1 dimensional einstein gravity .  ⁇ n in fact , we show that the statement spinless massive particles in 2 + 1 dimensional einstein gravity possess an @xmath4 group momentum space is correct only when masses of the particles are positive and the total energy is not over @xmath5 . '
b' we calculate the opacity of the universe to @xmath0-rays , assuming that the photons from a @xmath0-ray source at a redshift of 5 are absorbed by pair production interactions with the cosmic microwave background ( cmb ) .  ⁇ n we show that the opacity of the universe to @xmath0-rays is significantly affected by the redshift evolution of the star formation rate in galaxies .  ⁇ n we also show that the opacity of the universe to @xmath0-rays is significantly affected by the redshift evolution of the star formation rate . '
b' we study the effect of majorana fermions ( mfs ) on the charge current and noise in topological superconductors .  ⁇ 
b' we review the fundamental properties of nonadditive entropy , @xmath0 , its optimising distribution ( known as @xmath1 ) , and the @xmath2-product , a generalisation of the product formulated within nonextensive statistical mechanics .  ⁇ n we analyse , both analytically and numerically , the sum of conventional independent random variables and show that , in this case , the attractor in probability space is the gaussian distribution if random variables have a finite second - order moment , or the @xmath3-stable lvy distributions otherwise .  ⁇ n we also show that , in this case , the attractor in probability space is the gaussian distribution if random variables have a finite second - order moment , or the @xmath4-stable lvy distributions otherwise .  ⁇ 
b' we present a configuration interaction ( ci ) method optimized for the specific problem of interacting electrons in a parabolic quantum dot in a magnetic field .  ⁇ n the optimization explicitly accounts for geometrical and dynamical symmetries of single - particle states , and for many - particle symmetries associated with the center - of - mass motion and total spin .  ⁇ n this results in a reduced basis size and improved accuracy , which in turn allows for a reliable computation of dot properties in the strongly correlated regime .  ⁇ n we compare our results with quantum monte carlo and stochastic - variational method , and with previous results describing the evolution of the electronic droplet with the magnetic field . '
b' we present a new method for source - detection in crowded fields .  ⁇ n the method is based on the kolmogorov smirnov ( k - s ) test , which is applicable only to one - dimensional distributions .  ⁇ 
b' this paper presents a theoretical analysis of the feast algorithm for hermitian eigenvalue problems .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the equation of state of neutrino - trapped matter at zero temperature , focusing particularly on the interplay between the roles played by the brueckner - hartree - fock approach , neutrino trapping and kaon condensation .  ⁇ n we find that the equation of state of neutrino - trapped matter is strongly affected by the presence of kaons , and the kaon condensation is a possible mechanism for the formation of a black hole .  ⁇ n the equation of state of neutrino - trapped matter is derived by using the chiral model for kaon - nucleon interaction .  ⁇ n we find that the equation of state of neutrino - trapped matter is strongly affected by the presence of kaons , and that the maximum mass of neutron stars is strongly affected by the presence of kaons .  ⁇ 
b' we present a pseudo - spectral numerical algorithm for studying the oscillations of accretion disks around black holes .  ⁇ 
b' the motion of a massive binary due to repeated encounters with a single field star is discussed .  ⁇ n the binary s orbital eccentricity and orientation are altered by the exchange of orbital angular momentum with the binary .  ⁇ n the binary s spin axis is also altered due to repeated encounters .  ⁇ 
b' in this article , we propose explicit tamed euler schemes to numerically solve stochastic differential equations ( sdes ) with random coefficients driven by lvy noise .  ⁇ n the taming techniques developed here allow one to approximate these sdes with drift coefficients that grow super - linearly .  ⁇ n moreover , we develop new techniques to overcome the challenges arising due to jumps .  ⁇ n in addition , explicit formulations of the tamed euler schemes are presented for the case of stochastic delay differential equations ( sddes ) driven by lvy noise which have non - random coefficients .  ⁇ n the results obtained here are the first for the case of super - linear coefficients in this area .  ⁇ n moreover , the techniques developed here allow for further investigation of convergence properties of higher order explicit numerical schemes for sdes with super - linear coefficients .  ⁇ n in addition , explicit formulations of the tamed euler schemes are presented at the end of section 3 for
b' we consider derived equivalences between finite dimensional algebras @xmath0 and @xmath1-dominant dimension @xmath2 and @xmath3 .  ⁇ n we show that if @xmath0 and @xmath3 are derived equivalent , then @xmath2 and @xmath4 are derived equivalent .  ⁇ n the proof is based on a stronger result ( theorem [ thm : restriction theorem ] ) , which shows that the given derived equivalence between @xmath0 and @xmath3 restricts to certain subcategories that are shown to determine the derived categories of @xmath2 and @xmath4 .  ⁇ n the proof is based on a stronger result ( theorem [ thm : restriction theorem ] ) , which shows that the given derived equivalence between @
b' we present an exact analytical solution for the uniform expansion of a highly conducting plasma cylinder in the presence of a constant magnetic field .  ⁇ n the solution is obtained in the non - relativistic limit .  ⁇ n the solution is used to analyse the recent experimental and simulation data . '
b' we present the results of the first quasi - simultaneous multi - frequency vlbi imaging of the compact steep spectrum ( css ) source 3c138 .  ⁇ 
b' dice2013r is a dice - based model for the global climate , the global carbon cycle , and the global capital cycle .  ⁇ n the dice2013r model is based on the casadi framework for algorithmic differentiation and numeric optimization in conjunction with matlab .  ⁇ n the dice2013r - mc code is distributed under the gnu lesser general public license and can be used royalty - free even in commercial applications .  ⁇ n the dice2013r model is also driven by several exogenous , time - varying terms such as population and total factor productivity .  ⁇ n the dice2013r model is also driven by several exogenous , time - varying terms such as population and total factor productivity .  ⁇ n the dice2013r model is also driven by several exogenous , time - varying terms such as population and total factor productivity .  ⁇ n the dice2013r model is also driven by several exogenous , time - varying terms such as population and total factor productivity .  ⁇ n the dice2013r model is also driven by several exogenous 
b' we construct a non - relativistic cft dual of schrdinger geometry in the ir , which is a realization of schrdinger symmetry .  ⁇ 
b' we consider a test non - spinning particle moving at stable circular orbit around a central massive body .  ⁇ n the orbits of the particle are different from those of non - spinning particles in schwarzschild metric .  ⁇ n we show that the innermost stable circular orbit ( isco ) in the kerr space - time is a finite orbit .  ⁇ n the radius of isco depends on the direction of motion of the particle in comparison with the direction of bh rotation , whether they co - rotate or counter - rotate .  ⁇ n we show that for the case of the extreme kerr background the radius of isco is smaller than the schwarzschild radius .  ⁇ n we also show that for the case of the extreme kerr background the radius of isco is smaller than the schwarzschild radius .  ⁇ n we also show that for the case of the extreme kerr background the radius of isco is smaller than the schwarzschild radius .  ⁇ n we also show that for the case of the extreme kerr background the radius of isco is smaller than the
b' the production of @xmath0 nuclides in stellar explosions is studied in the framework of a monte carlo method .  ⁇ n the method is applied to the synthesis of @xmath0 nuclei .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed analysis of the tev variability detected in m87 by high energy stereoscopic system ( hess ) .  ⁇ n the spectral energy distribution ( sed ) along the adaf radius is dominated by emission from the accretion flow around the supermassive black hole ( smbh ) .  ⁇ 
b' the inertial forces in the stationary and axially symmetric kerr - de sitter spacetimes are studied .  ⁇ n the inertial forces are determined for general circular motion , and their properties are briefly discussed and thoroughly represented for the equatorial circular motion .  ⁇ n some examples of the relativistic dynamics are presented from the point of view of the inertial forces formalism .  ⁇ n pacs numbers : 04.20.ds , 04.20.ds , 04.20.ds '
b' we present a summary of radial velocity measurements of regulus , a nearby b7 v star exhibiting extremely fast rotation .  ⁇ n regulus is a low amplitude , single - lined , spectroscopic binary , and we discuss the possible nature of the companion .  ⁇ n regulus is a low amplitude , single - lined , spectroscopic binary , and we discuss the possible nature of the companion . '
b' this work presents a theoretical framework for factorizing a markov random field ( mrf ) into a log - linear model .  ⁇ n the framework is based on the context - specific hammersley - clifford theorem .  ⁇ 
b' we present a theoretical study of the magnetorotational instability ( mri ) in cylindrical taylor - couette flow .  ⁇ n the mri is a new type of helical mri ( hmri ) , which has been observed in the promise experiment .  ⁇ n the hmri is characterized by a strong axial magnetic field , which is a factor of two stronger than the standard mri .  ⁇ n the hmri is characterized by a strong axial magnetic field , which is a factor of two stronger than the standard mri .  ⁇ n the hmri is characterized by a strong axial field , which is a factor of two stronger than the standard mri .  ⁇ 
b' a diagram of oscillation regimes of clarinet - like instruments with respect to two parameters : the mouth pressure and the loss parameter is proposed .  ⁇ n the main ingredients of the diagram are a simple graphical analysis of the two - state regime , and a simple calculation method .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a search for supernova remnants ( snrs ) in the @xmath0 galactic plane survey .  ⁇ n the @xmath1 images were obtained with the _ chandra x - ray observatory _ , and the @xmath2 images were obtained with the _  ⁇ n chandra x - ray observatory _ , and the @xmath3 images were obtained with the _  ⁇ n chandra x - ray observatory _ , and the _ xmm - newton _ , _ xmm - newton _ , and _ xmm - newton _ , respectively .  ⁇ n the @xmath2 images were obtained with the _  ⁇ n chandra x - ray observatory _ , and the _ xmm - newton _ images were obtained with the _  ⁇ n chandra x - ray observatory _ , and
b' we propose a location - based beamforming scheme for wireless communication systems .  ⁇ n we assume that the channel state information ( csi ) from the eavesdropper is perfectly known at the source , while the eavesdropper s location is _ a priori _ unknown .  ⁇ n we derive a simple expression of the secrecy outage probability when the csi of the main channel and the eavesdropper s location are known .  ⁇ n we also develop a much more efficient search algorithm for the determination of the optimal beamforming vector at the source that minimizes the secrecy outage probability when the csi of the main channel and the eavesdropper s location are available at the source .  ⁇ n we also examine the impact of location uncertainty on the secrecy outage probability , showing how secrecy can still exist when only a noisy estimate of the eavesdropper is available at the source .  ⁇ n we also examine the impact of location uncertainty on the secrecy outage probability ,
b' a number of laboratories have recently outlined architectures for archival dna - based storage .  ⁇ n the success of the latter method may be largely attributed to three _ classical coding schemes _ : huffman coding , differential coding , and single parity - check coding .  ⁇ 
b' we propose and study a model for phase transitions in asymmetric inhomogeneous membranes .  ⁇ n our model is a reduced model in which the bilayer nature is not kept explicitly ; instead it is replaced effectively by an inhomogeneous single layer for simplicity .  ⁇ n our main results are that depending upon the bending modulus the composition field that describes the inhomogeneity of the asymmetric membrane in our model may display ( i ) both first and second order phase transitions through a critical point ( cp ) and ( ii ) a tricritical point ( tp ) .  ⁇ n in addition , our model predicts generic nontrivial enhancement of fluctuations of asymmetric inhomogeneous membranes near tp and cp with a variance that depends on the system size in a power law fashion in two dimensions .  ⁇ n further in our model , it is necessarily of second order belonging to the 2d ising universality class for symmetric membranes .  ⁇ n we provide a mean - field analysis of
b' we study the critical behaviour of the ising model in the framework of percolation theory .  ⁇ 
b' the first veritas telescope has been in routine operation since january 2005 at the basecamp of the fred lawrence whipple observatory at mt .  ⁇ nhopkins , arizona .  ⁇ n the site is 1275 m above sea level .  ⁇ 
b' we present a search for a quasiperiodic modulation in the electromagnetic signal of short duration gamma ray bursts ( sgrbs ) detected with the _ fermi _ gamma ray burst monitor ( gbm ) , the _ swift _ burst alert telescope ( bat ) , and the _ compton gamma ray observatory _ burst and transient source experiment ( batse ) .  ⁇ n we find that the modulation is a quasiperiodic modulation in the gamma ray signal , i.e. the sgrb itself .  ⁇ 
b' we consider a semi - quantum approach to entanglement - assisted coding , in which the sender and receiver share prior entanglement .  ⁇ n we show that if the sender and receiver share prior entanglement , a higher amount of classical information is transmitted .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a multiwavelength study of the @xmath0-ray sky , based on a sample of gamma - ray bursts ( grbs ) observed with the compton gamma ray observatory ( cgro ) .  ⁇ 
b' we study the flavor changing neutral current ( fcnc ) in two higgs doublet models ( thdms ) with the @xmath0 flavor symmetry .  ⁇ n the yukawa interaction among the higgs doublet fields and fermions can be classified into four types depending on the @xmath0 charge assignments to the right - handed fermions .  ⁇ n we find that the fcnc is forbidden at the tree level in thdms with a softly - broken @xmath1 symmetry .  ⁇ n we also find that the fcnc is forbidden at the tree level in thdms with the softly - broken @xmath1 symmetry .  ⁇ n we also find that the fcnc is forbidden at the tree level in thdms with the softly - broken @xmath1 symmetry .  ⁇ n we also find that the fcnc is suppressed in thdms with the softly - broken @xmath1 symmetry .
b' the giant dipole resonance ( gdr ) in the fusion - evaporation reaction forming the compound nucleus @xmath0mo is studied within the framework of the macroscopic landau - vlasov theory .  ⁇ n the gdr line shape and its full - width at half maximum ( fwhm ) are calculated as functions of temperature @xmath1 and angular momentum @xmath2 .  ⁇ n the gdr line shape and its full - width at half maximum ( fwhm ) are compared with the experimental data .  ⁇ n the fwhm is found to be @xmath3 , which is consistent with the experimental data .  ⁇ n the fwhm is found to be @xmath4 , which is consistent with the experimental data .  ⁇ n the fwhm is found to be @xmath5 , which is consistent with the experimental data .  ⁇ n the fwhm is found to be @xmat
b' we present the results of a study of the production of neutral higgs bosons in gluon  ⁇ n gluon collisions at the lhc .  ⁇ n the cross sections for the continuum in the standard model as well as for the continuum and resonance decays in the minimal supersymmetric theory @
b' we present a new classification scheme for m dwarfs based on the pseudo - continuum spectral ratios .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed analysis of the mid - infrared mgi emission features in the f5iv - v star procyon .  ⁇ n the mgi emission lines at 12 in the sun show zeeman splitting and so trace the local magnetic field .  ⁇ n we use a non - local thermodynamic equilibrium ( nlt
b' we present an approach to calculate the parameters of the jet blast wave at any instantaneous time directly by using the radiation spectrum at that time .  ⁇ n this approach applies to both conical and cylindrical jets .  ⁇ n we then calculate the jet cross section at different times and study how it evolves as the jet propagates outward .  ⁇ n we find that the jet cross section increases at large radii and the jet is dominated by a narrow jet .  ⁇ 
b' we study the effect of strain on the electronic properties of bilayer graphene ( blg ) ribbons .  ⁇ n we show that a biased blg ribbon under a layer - asymmetric strain ( where the upper layer undergoes compression and lower layer tension or visa - versa ) will first be converted from a direct to an indirect band gap material and , under larger bending strains , will convert back from a semiconductor to a semimetal .  ⁇ n the most notable effect of the semiconductor - semimetal transition is a sharp change in the conductivity with a higher strain leading to a higher conductivity .  ⁇ n the magnitude of this effect is dependent on the bias field with a stronger bias field leading to a larger change in the conductivity .  ⁇ n the van der waals coupling that hybridizes the two layers of the blg ribbon leads to a skewed double well topology for the bands which if severe will convert the blg ribbon from a semiconductor to a semimetal .  ⁇ 
b' we present results of monte carlo simulations of diamond nanocomposites and ultrananocrystalline diamond films .  ⁇ n the grain boundaries are modeled by a tersoff empirical potential approach .  ⁇ 
b' the @xmath0he trimer is studied within the framework of the faddeev equations in configuration space .  ⁇ n the ground - state energies of the @xmath0he dimer are calculated .  ⁇ n the he  ⁇ n he interaction is taken into account by a renormalization group approach .  ⁇ n the he  ⁇ n he interaction is taken into account by a renormalization group approach .  ⁇ 
b' we implement a local - patch algorithm for generating exact samples from markov - chain monte carlo simulations .  ⁇ 
b' we establish a rigorous connection between equilibrated two - dimensional foams and a generalization of partitions , the sectional multiplicative partition .  ⁇ n this generalization of the partition is a generalization of the multiplicative partition .  ⁇ n we show that if a circular partition has all of its vertices aligned and admits an oriented reciprocal figure , then it is a sectional multiplicative partition .  ⁇ 
b' the hegra collaboration has studied the @xmath0-ray source mkn 501 since early march with their air erenkov telescopes ( act ) .  ⁇ n the 5 m@xmath1 act is in operation and has been operated in a stand - alone mode .  ⁇ n the hegra collaboration has studied mkn 501 since early march .  ⁇ n the hegra collaboration has studied mkn 501 with their air erenkov telescopes ( act ) since early march .  ⁇ n the 5 m@xmath1 act is located on the roque de los muchachos , islas canarias .  ⁇ n the hegra collaboration has studied mkn 501 since early march .  ⁇ n the 5 m@xmath1 act has been operated in the stereo - mode while the 5 m@xmath1 act was operated in a stand - alone mode .  ⁇ n the 5 m@xmath1 act has a threshold of 1.5 vs. @
b' we present the first spectroscopic detection of the companion star in the x - ray transient j2123 - 058 .  ⁇ n the _ kueyen _ vlt spectra reveal a spectral type of k - type , with a spectral resolution of 2.7 and 4.0 .  ⁇ n the radial velocity curve of the companion shows a radial velocity of @xmath0 km s@
b' the nature of screening in semiconductor nanocrystals is investigated by performing a detailed microscopic analysis .  ⁇ n the charge density induced by donors and acceptors in si and ge nanocrystals is discussed , pointing to the connections to both the point - charge case and the bulk limit .  ⁇ n the real - space analysis gives a way to distinguish between surface and bond polarization contributions .  ⁇ n a model for the screening is proposed .  ⁇ n the correct limit in the neighborhood of the impurity and the surface polarization contributions are taken into account from the beginning as boundary conditions of the poisson equation .  ⁇ n the results fit well the screening diagonal contribution for bulk silicon , and excellent agreement with a recent first - principles calculation of the screening function is obtained .  ⁇ n moreover , the model gives a fair prediction of the impurity binding energies . '
b' we study the nodal count of the laplace - beltrami operator on a riemannian surface with dirichlet boundary conditions .  ⁇ n we show that the distribution of the nodal count of the @xmath0th energy eigenfunction of the laplace - beltrami operator has a limiting distribution @xmath1 , where the characteristics of the distribution depend on the classical properties of the system .  ⁇ 
b' we give a short review of the main results for symmetric birth - death processes , with emphasis on the first - passage - time ( fpt ) problem and related topics .  ⁇ n we recall the conditions on the transition rates leading to a quasi - symmetry property of the transition probabilities , and also to simple expressions both for fpt densities and for certain relevant avoiding transition probabilities .  ⁇ n this is accomplished for one - dimensional truncated birth - death processes both with reflecting and absorbing endpoints .  ⁇ n an indication on the extension to the case of bilateral birth - death processes is also provided .  ⁇ n several examples are also discussed in detail .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the 0.1 - 100 kev _ bepposax _ data taken half a year before the _ bepposax _ discovery of the x - ray binary .  ⁇ 
b' in this paper , we study the evolutionary public goods game ( pgg ) in a structured population .  ⁇ n we first study the evolution of the payoff matrices and the interaction structure , and then study the coevolution of strategies and features .  ⁇ n we find that the coevolution of the payoff matrices and the interaction structure can lead to the coemergence of hierarchical structure and cooperation .  ⁇ 
b' the experiment tpc is a large track detector devis ( detector visualizing ) .  ⁇ n it is operating at itep .  ⁇ n the first goal of the experiment is the investigation of @xmath0xe @xmath1-decay .  ⁇ n the first goal of the experiment is the investigation of @xmath0xe @xmath1-decay .  ⁇ n the first goal of the experiment is the investigation of @xmath0xe @xmath1-decay .  ⁇ n the first goal of the experiment is the investigation of @xmath0xe @xmath1-decay .  ⁇ n the first goal of the experiment is the investigation of @xmath0xe @xmath1-decay .  ⁇ n the first goal of the experiment is the investigation of @xmath0xe @xmath1-decay .  ⁇ n the first goal of the experiment is the investigation of @xmath0xe @xmath1-decay .
b' we study the uptake of dna by a nucleus in a recent experiment .  ⁇ n the dna is anchored at one end of a polymer chain , and pulled away from the nucleus by optical tweezers .  ⁇ 
b' we study the glueball spectrum of two massless gluons in a relativistic model .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a new approach to multidimensional gravity in which the extra dimensions are a gauge group .  ⁇ n the gauge fields are the matter and the scalar field is connected with the linear size of the extra dimensions .  ⁇ n the scalar field acts as the source of the exotic matter necessary for the formation of the wormhole s mouth .  ⁇ n the scalar field acts as the source of the exotic matter necessary for the formation of the wormhole s mouth .  ⁇ n the scalar field acts as the source of the exotic matter necessary for the formation of the wormhole s mouth .  ⁇ n the scalar field acts as the source of the exotic matter necessary for the formation of the wormhole s mouth .  ⁇ n the scalar field acts as the source of the exotic matter necessary for the formation of the wormhole s mouth .  ⁇ n the scalar field acts as the source of the exotic matter necessary for the formation of the wormhole s mouth .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the lyman continuum photon production efficiency @xmath0 as a function of stellar mass , redshift , and choice of stellar population synthesis model .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the sagittarius dwarf galaxy ( sgr ) and its associated tidal stream .  ⁇ n we use a sample of sdss dr7 stars with a median reddening of @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we find that the sgr stream is a tidal stream with a velocity of @xmath1 .  ⁇ n the sgr stream is a tidal stream with a velocity of @xmath2 .  ⁇ n the sgr stream is a tidal stream with a velocity of @xmath2 .  ⁇ n the sgr stream is a tidal stream with a velocity of @xmath2 .  ⁇ n the sgr stream is a tidal stream with a velocity of @xmath2 .  ⁇ n the sgr stream is a tidal stream with a velocity of @xmath2 .  ⁇ 
b' we study the effective average action of qcd in the long distance region .  ⁇ n we use the renormalisation group technique in an essentially wilsonian form .  ⁇ 
b' we define hopf algebroids and hopf categories .  ⁇ n we give a bijective correspondence between finitely - generated projective hopf algebroids over @xmath0 and topological hopf categories of finite type .  ⁇ n we also define coupled hopf categories and their topological version .  ⁇ n we also give a formulation of galois theory for hopf categories .  ⁇ n we also discuss a very important example which completely illustrates the general situation . '
b' the nuclear structure of some medium as well heavy nuclei participating in double beta decay processes in the mass range @x
b' we present a new set of constraints on a subset of the cosmological models that show late - time acceleration .  ⁇ 
b' we study the effect of patterned surfaces on the flow of a liquid .  ⁇ n we show that the appearance of a slip at a surface can be explained by the interplay of many physical and chemical properties .  ⁇ 
b' we study the coherent destruction of tunneling ( cdt ) in a molecular wire which is coupled to two leads acting as electron source and drain .  ⁇ n we derive a quantum master equation for the electron dynamics in the wire and the current through the wire .  ⁇ n the spectral density of the system is decomposed into two parts .  ⁇ n the first part is a time - local theory based on the nakajima - zwanzig equation .  ⁇ n the second part is a time - local theory based on the spectral density .  ⁇ n the first part is a time - local theory based on the nakajima - zwanzig equation .  ⁇ n the second part is a time - local theory based on the nakajima - zwanzig equation .  ⁇ n the second part is a time - local theory based on the spectral density .  ⁇ n the first part is a time - local theory .  ⁇ n the second part
b' we report on the development of a yba@xmath0cu@xmath1o@
b' we study the target - searching game on a two - dimensional bond percolation on an underlying square lattice .  ⁇ n the searcher is trying to find out a target which emits a special kind of odor .  ⁇ n the percolation threshold depends on the geometric properties of the lattice and the kind of percolation problem to be studied .  ⁇ n the monte carlo simulations are performed on a square lattice and the percolation threshold is found to be @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the scaling law for the searching time versus the distance to the position of the target is found to be dependent on the sensitivity of the hunter .  ⁇ n the scaling exponent is found to be dependent on the sensitivity of the hunter .  ⁇ n the scaling law is broken and the probability of reaching the target reduces .  ⁇ n the vacancy of some bonds frustrates the normal searching process .  ⁇ n the trapping effect is studied and it is found to be similar to the trapping effect in biased random walks . '
b' we investigate the formation of short - lived radioisotopes ( slri ) in a dense molecular cloud core , triggered by a shock wave propagating away from a site of stellar nucleosynthesis .  ⁇ n we consider the trigggering and injection scenario for slris , in the context of a shock wave propagating away from a site of stellar nucleosynthesis .  ⁇ 
b' we study the transition from regular to weakly turbulent motion in high symmetric flow .  ⁇ n we show that the transition is governed by a cascade of quasi - periodic doubling bifurcations , otherwise known as torus doubling bifurcations .  ⁇ n we propose a model ordinary differential equation for this cascade .  ⁇ n the scaling of the cascade is shown to agree with that of the unperturbed model ordinary differential equation .  ⁇ n the leading lyapunov exponents are shown to be very similar to those of the perturbed model ordinary differential equation .  ⁇ n the scaling of the cascade is shown to be very similar to that of the unperturbed model ordinary differential equation .  ⁇ n the scaling of the cascade is shown to be very similar to that of the unperturbed model ordinary differential equation .  ⁇ n the difference between the perturbed model and the flow simulations may be caused by the crossing of resonance tongues or other codimension one phenomena in which the stable torus loses normal hyperbolicity . '
b' we study the micelle formation in diblock copolymer / homopolymer blends under planar confinement using a self - consistent field theory .  ⁇ n we find that the critical micelle concentration increases dramatically when the surface separation is smaller than the micelle size .  ⁇ 
b' we study the evolution of the magnetic field in a spherically symmetric accretion disk around a gravitating object .  ⁇ n we show that the poynting - robertson radiation force acting predominantly on the electrons of the disk may generate toroidal electric currents sufficiently large to support poloidal magnetic fields that in certain situations could approach equipartition values .  ⁇ n we also show that in a highly conducting plasma , currents and fields grow only for a restricted time of the order of the accretion time , and thus they quickly saturate to values well below equipartition .  ⁇ n we then show that in several astrophysically interesting systems , magnetic fields may reach even equipartition values within astrophysically relevant time scales .  ⁇ n this  ⁇  unrestricted ' regime is characterized by a _  ⁇ n _  ⁇ n _  ⁇ n _  ⁇ n _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
b' we study the effects of a radial stratification of the jet beam on the morphology of fr i and fr ii radio galaxies .  ⁇ n we show that the radial stratification of the jet beam is a consequence of the nonlinear growth of kelvin - helmholtz instabilities on the jet surface .  ⁇ n we also show that the radial stratification of the jet beam is a consequence of the entrainment and acceleration of ambient gas .  ⁇ n we show that the radial stratification of the jet beam is a consequence of the entrainment of ambient gas .  ⁇ n we also show that the radial stratification of the jet beam is a consequence of the entrainment of ambient gas .  ⁇ n we also show that the radial stratification of the jet beam is a consequence of the entrainment of ambient gas .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the evolution of eccentricity in galaxy clusters over the redshift range 0 to 0.13 .  ⁇ n we use a variety of methods to examine the outer regions of clusters , and find that the eccentricity evolution is much more significant at @xmath0 .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new technique for determining the inclination of a transiting exoplanet .  ⁇ n we use a transiting system to measure the inclination of the transit , and we use this to derive the inclination of the transit .  ⁇ n we find that the inclination of the transit is @xmath0 , which is consistent with the inclination of the host star .  ⁇ n we also find that the inclination of the transit is @xmath1 .  ⁇ n we use this to derive the inclination of the transit , and we find that the inclination of the transit is @xmath2 .  ⁇ n we also find that the inclination of the transit is @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we also find that the inclination of the transit is @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we also find that the inclination of the transit is @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we also find that the inclination of the transit is @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we also find that
b' we study an application of left - invariant total ordering of braid groups to knot theory .  ⁇ n we show that dehornoy floor of braid groups is a non - negative integer .  ⁇ n this integer is determined by the dehornoy ordering of braid groups .  ⁇ n we also show that if @xmath0 is tiled , mixed - foliated or circular foliated , then @xmath0 is circular foliated .  ⁇ n we also obtain a sufficient condition for nielsen - thurston classification of braids . '
b' we consider a mobile scenario where a spatially distributed set of mobile sources is creating data that must be delivered to a spatially distributed set of mobile destinations .  ⁇ n we study the optimal traffic distribution and the minimum amount of relay nodes needed to transport the data from the sources to the destinations .  ⁇ n we first analyze the case where only sources are mobile and the destinations are static and spatially distributed in the one dimensional line .  ⁇ n we then analyze the case when the sources and destinations are static and spatially distributed in the two dimensional plane .  ⁇ n we also analyze the case when the sources and destinations can move with a deterministic velocity and we are able to find the optimal flow of information and to give the optimal spatial density of the relay nodes at each period of time .  ⁇ n we also give an example with numerical results related to the previous mobility setting .  ⁇ n we also give the optimal spatial density of the relay nodes for the brownian mobility model . '
b' we study the kondo lattice model in the presence of a magnetic impurity .  ⁇ n we show that the kondo screening of the localized moments is a crucial ingredient for the formation of a paramagnetic metal .  ⁇ n the competition between kondo screening and magnetic ordering of the localized moments is characterized by a competition between the ruderman - kittel - kasuya - yosida mechanism and the ruderman - kittel - kasuya - yosida mechanism .  ⁇ n we show that the competition between kondo screening and magnetic ordering is a crucial ingredient for the formation of a paramagnetic metal .  ⁇ 
b' we study the effect of intrinsic noise on the response of a non - linear system near a bifurcation threshold .  ⁇ n the system is modeled by a chemical master equation ( cme ) , and the gillespie algorithm is used to simulate the cme .  ⁇ n the gillespie algorithm is used to simulate the cme .  ⁇ n the gillespie algorithm is used to simulate the cme .  ⁇ 
b' we present a simple model for the formation of the first stars in cdm cosmologies .  ⁇ n we assume that the first stars form if and only if they are massive enough to cool via atomic hydrogen transition lines .  ⁇ n we find that ngst would be able to image more than @xmath0 of these star clusters at @xmath1 within its @xmath4 field of view , with @xmath51% of these clusters possibly resolved .  ⁇ n in addition , we show that the pre galactic population of stars reionize the universe by a redshift of @xmath6 .  ⁇ n the damping of microwave anisotropies on small angular scales is @xmath15% , detectable on @xmath6 angular scales by map and planck .  ⁇ n galactic low mass stars could account for some of the microlensing events observed in the halo of the milky way , and could also account for some of the microlensing events observed in
b' we discuss the copenhagen interpretation of quantum mechanics , based on the idea that a couple of entangled particles emitted in opposite directions from a common source can be entangled with each other .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a novel architecture of area efficient fast fourier transform ( fft ) based on reusing @xmath0-point butterfly units more than once instead of using @xmath1 butterfly units once .  ⁇ n the area requirement is obviously smaller than the array architecture and pipelined architectures , @xmath0 being the number of sample points .  ⁇ 
b' we review two major research topics on macroscopic quantumness and its quantifications and attempt to make remarks on them .  ⁇ 
b' we study the holographic principle for a flat friedmann - robertson - wal - ker universe filled with a tachyon scalar field with a constant equation of state @xmath0 , for both the spacetimes of the region @xmath1 and the phantom domain @
b' we report on a novel photoacoustic spectroscopy ( pa ) cell design with a 20 khz quartz tuning fork ( qtf ) placed between or above a micro - resonator ( mr ) .  ⁇ n the qtf is acoustically coupled to the mr and is acoustically coupled to the qtf .  ⁇ n the off - axis mr system has many advantages compared with traditional on - axis qepas systems .  ⁇ n it makes optical alignment easy and thus background free measurements are easier to achieve .  ⁇ n we find that the resulting background noise signal is solely due to the qtf thermal noise .  ⁇ n an advantage is that it allows mechanical protection of the qtf , since only the top of the qtf casing needs to be opened .  ⁇ 
b' we present a solid - state source of single photons at the rb d2 wavelength .  ⁇ n the emission frequency can be tuned through all the d2-hyperfine lines .  ⁇ n we demonstrate lifetime - limited linewidths .  ⁇ n this points to negligible upper level dephasing and allows us to create photons by coherent rayleigh scattering with weak , resonant excitation .  ⁇ n all our experiments ( spectral analysis , intensity autocorrelation , decay dynamics ) can be described in terms of a two - level atom with a common set of parameters .  ⁇ n the only significant source of noise is slow relative to radiative emission and results in a telegraph - like blinking behavior .  ⁇ n apart from this the system behaves in an ideal way despite the complexity of the solid - state environment . '
b' a simple model of an oscillator coupled to a string is presented .  ⁇ n it encapsulates many relevant features of physical interest which can be found in more realistic models , for instance when considering the interaction of an atom ( the oscillator ) with light ( the string ) .  ⁇ n first , when the string is infinite , it allows one to gain insight into ( or to discover for the first time in academic studies ) the scattering of waves by a dynamical system .  ⁇ n second , from the point of view of the oscillator , this model constitutes the most elementary example of radiation .  ⁇ n it shows concretely how an interaction not only induces a shift in the natural frequency of the oscillator but also that the coupling to a large number of degrees of freedom ( the string being seen as a large collection of oscillators ) induces a friction term for the oscillator , although no dissipation exists in the system as a whole .  ⁇ n besides , it is also able to illustrate precisely the deep connection between the
b' we investigate the effect of reoptimization of the determinantal part of the wave function in quantum monte carlo calculations of excited states .  ⁇ n we show that the slater basis set is capable of reproducing the electron - nucleus cusp condition as well as having the correct exponential decay at large distances .  ⁇ n in contrast , gaussian basis functions have no cusp at the nucleus and a too rapid decay at large distance
b' we study a model of proportional elections , where the influence of neighbours is modeled by a sznajd model .  ⁇ n we show that the number of votes obtained by different candidates for the elections in brazil follows a power law , with exponent @xmath0 .  ⁇ 
b' we present a systematic study of the superconducting properties of sm(of)feas , sm(of)feas and nd(of)feas .  ⁇ n the superconducting transition temperature @
b' we present a new , high resolution , 1.3 mm - class merlin polarimeter for the orion bn / kl region .  ⁇ n the merlin polarimeter is a combination of a v=1 j=1 - 0 sio maser beam and a v=1 j=1 - 0 sio maser beam .  ⁇ n the v=1 j=1 - 0 sio maser beam is centered on the bn / kl center , and the v=1 j=1 - 0 sio maser beam is centered on the bn / kl center .  ⁇ n the v=1 j=1 - 0 sio maser beam is centered on the bn / kl center , and the v=1 j=1 - 0 sio maser beam is centered on the bn / kl center .  ⁇ n the v
b' we consider the problem of recovering micro choice information from aggregate flow data .  ⁇ n we consider the origin - destination data as an inference problem concerning the prediction of flows on networks .  ⁇ n we cast this problem as a self - organized , equilibrium seeking system in the form of weighted and binary networks .  ⁇ 
b' we present a monte carlo method to quantify the systematic error in the abundance gradient of planetary nebulae ( pn ) derived from a sample of pn of the galactic disk .  ⁇ 
b' we study the process of scalar pair production in the presence of an external electric field .  ⁇ n we use exact solutions of scalar field proposed in @xcite .  ⁇ n we show that , the probability of pair production of scalar particles in the presence of an external electric field is nonvanishing only in the large expansion of early universe .  ⁇ n we also show that , the probability of pair production of scalar particles in the presence of an external electric field was important in the limit of early universe . '
b' we present a method to measure the curvature of a slab with variable curvature .  ⁇ n the method is based on variable - cell md .  ⁇ n the curvature is a single , global lagrangian degree of freedom .  ⁇ n the surface stress can be extracted as a direct result of the calculation through elasticity equations .  ⁇ 
b' we consider a scenario that the diphoton excess with an invariant mass around @xmath0gev can be explained by a gauge singlet ( pseudo)scalar coupled to gluons and photons through one - loop diagrams with the extra quarks / leptons running in the loop .  ⁇ n we show that the diphoton excess can be explained by the ( pseudo)scalar coupled to gluons and photons through the kinetic mixing with u(1)@xmath1 .  ⁇ n the hidden fermions acquire large hypercharges due to the kinetic mixing , and the induced hypercharges are generically irrational .  ⁇ n the hidden fermions are cosmologically stable , and they could affect the big bang nucleosynthesis as well as cosmic microwave back ground radiation .  ⁇ n we discuss several possibilities to evade those constraints .  ⁇ n finally , we discuss other possible  ⁇  diphoton '' excesses at different energies if the @xmath0gev diphoton excess is
b' we present a long - term optical lightcurve of the x - ray outburst of ngc5905 .  ⁇ n the optical spectrum shows no evidence of seyfert activity .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new model for the propagation of extragalactic jets in the center of cool core ( cc ) clusters of galaxies .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a spectroscopic study of the uv sources in four fields of the southern sky , based on faust s objective - prism survey .  ⁇ 
b' we propose an experiment to measure the andreev conductance between the ground and a normal wire in the geometry of a fork with the prongs connecting to two separate islands of the qubit .  ⁇ n the experiment is based on a measurement of the andreev conductance between the ground and a normal wire .  ⁇ n the conductance exhibits a contribution from processes in which electrons from the normal metal are reflected as holes from the qubit boundary , diffuse to the bulk superconductor boundary and are reflected from it as electrons .  ⁇ n this process controls the electron interference picture and thus influences the electron interference picture .  ⁇ n we show that the interaction of these currents with the environment leads to a small decoherence even if the environment includes potentially dangerous normal wires .  ⁇ n we also note that the coupling with the frustrating magnetic field present in the simplest design can be eliminated in designs involving @xmath0-wave superconductors or @xmath1-junctions . '
b' we present a study of the qso - galaxy cross - correlation , based on a sample of qsos with a limiting magnitude of 0.025 .  ⁇ 
b' we present optical spectra of 25 members of the old open cluster .  ⁇ 
b' we show that if many proteins are given then the local structure alignment problem is polynomially solvable .  ⁇ 
b' we derive the klein - gordon and dirac equations in the framework of scale relativity .  ⁇ n we show that the usual klein - gordon equation is recovered , when integrating this equation , as a covariant klein - gordon equation .  ⁇ n the pauli equation is also recovered .  ⁇ n we discuss the implications of this result for the theory of electromagnetism . '
b' we study the exclusive semi - leptonic decay @xmath0 baryons within the light - cone sum rule approach .  ⁇ n the distribution amplitudes of increasing twist are used to describe the process .  ⁇ n the form factors of the @xmath1 decay are calculated with two kinds of interpolating currents .  ⁇ n the results are compared with the results of the qcd sum rule .  ⁇ n the results of the form factors are found to be in good agreement with the experimental data .  ⁇ n pacs numbers : 13.25.hw , 13.25.hw , 13.25.hw '
b' we present a high - resolution image of the bl lac jet made with the vlba .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a new mechanism for the origin of the solar neutrino problem and the atmospheric anomaly , which is based on the symmetry between time - like and time - like bradyons .  ⁇ n the idea is based on the symmetry between space and time dimensions , which may replace the space and the time dimensions .  ⁇ n the tachyons may travel in a 3-dimension time while moving in an unique space direction .  ⁇ 
b' this paper presents a study of the impact of refrigerant gases on the environment .  ⁇ n the main properties of refrigerant gases are discussed , and the influence of different parameters on the performance of gas detectors is discussed .  ⁇ n the main results are : ( i ) the global - warming potential ( gwp ) of refrigerant gases is a factor of @xmath0 larger than that of the argon / co@xmath1/cf@xmath2 mixture , ( ii ) the ozone depletion potential ( odp ) is a factor of @xmath3 larger than that of the argon / co@xmath1/cf@xmath2 mixture , and ( iii ) the odp is a factor of @xmath0 larger than that of the argon / co@xmath1/cf@xmath2 mixture .  ⁇ n the results of this study are aimed to gem and rpc detector
b' we report on the maxi gas slit camera ( gsc ) observations of the black hole candidate xte j1752223 during its outburst .  ⁇ n the source was detected at the 30 mcrab level in the 210 kev range on october 23 , 2009 .  ⁇ n the gsc spectrum shows a power - law with photon index 1.38@xmath00.01 , and a power - law with photon index 1.38@xmath00.01 .  ⁇ n the power spectrum shows a power - law with photon index 1.38@xmath00.01 .  ⁇ n the power spectrum shows a power - law with photon index 1.38@xmath00.01 .  ⁇ n the power spectrum shows band - limited noise with a total rms of @xmath530 percent .  ⁇ n the spectral transition from the initial low / hard state to the high / soft state is also observed .  ⁇ n the spectral soft
b' the influence of the inelastic cross - sections or the elasticity on the average logarithmic mass @xmath0 derived from the data of the qgsjet simulation program on the mean logarithmic mass @xmath1 is studied .  ⁇ n the results are compared with the results of the direct measurements of the energy spectra of individual elements .  ⁇ n the mean logarithmic mass @xmath2 is found to be compatible with the results of the direct measurements .  ⁇ n the mean logarithmic mass @
b' we study the polyakov loop enhanced nambu - jona - lasinio model .  ⁇ n we show that the model can be extended to include isospin chemical potential .  ⁇ 
b' we present a novel method for _ ab initio _ crystal structure determination .  ⁇ 
b' we present the first measurement of the genus curves for the two - dimensional mass map in the neighborhood of the rich galaxy cluster ms1054 - 03 .  ⁇ n the genus curves are derived from weak lensing data obtained by suprime - cam ( subaru prime focus camera ) on @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the genus curves are consistent with the random gaussian distribution with a possible weak meat - ball topology .  ⁇ n the genus curves for large smoothing angles agree with the predictions from linear theory , while that for small smoothing angles shows the non - gaussian signatures of gravitational clustering .  ⁇ n the genus curves for large smoothing angles agree with the predictions from linear theory , while that for small smoothing angles shows the non - gaussian signatures of gravitational clustering .  ⁇ n the genus curves for large smoothing angles agree with the predictions from linear theory , while that for small smoothing angles shows the non - gaussian signature
b' we present a model of the relation between colour and brightness for the very active , late - type star .  ⁇ 
b' in this paper , we study the balance dynamics on the social networks .  ⁇ n we generalize the binary networks to the ternary ones .  ⁇ n we find the densities of each triad relation and the time needed for dynamic balance .  ⁇ n we also study the self - organized criticality ( soc ) on the small - world network .  ⁇ n numerical results confirm our theoretical expectations . '
b' markov chain monte carlo ( mcmc ) sampling techniques are powerful sampling techniques which allow to implement the estimation of complex statistical distributions .  ⁇ n however , these methods are often challenged by the multimodality and the high - dimensionality nature of the target distribution .  ⁇ n recently , event - chain monte carlo ( ecmc ) schemes have been proposed as a new sampling method , which allows for a fast and global exploration of the sampling space .  ⁇ n this method is based on the concept of lifting , and does not require any parameters tuning .  ⁇ n this method is a generalization of the rejection - free mcmc scheme , which is based on the concept of lifting .  ⁇ n this new method allows for a fast and global exploration of the sampling space , thanks to an efficient implementation of lifting .  ⁇ n this method is illustrated for high - dimensional ill - conditioned gaussian distributions , where it exhibits speedups of several magnitudes in comparison to standard event - chain implementation
b' the bacteria _ l. monocytogenes _ , _ s. flexneri _ , the spotted fever group of _ rickett
b' the geometrical dynamics is a dynamics of elementary particles , generated by the space - time geometry .  ⁇ n it is defined in multivariant space - time geometries , where one can not introduce the conventional classical dynamics .  ⁇ n the geometrical dynamics is defined in multivariant space - time geometries , where one can not introduce the conventional classical dynamics .  ⁇ n the geometrical dynamics is defined in multivariant space - time geometries , where one can not introduce the conventional classical dynamics .  ⁇ n the geometrical dynamics is defined in multivariant space - time geometries , where one can not introduce the conventional classical dynamics .  ⁇ n the geometrical dynamics is defined in multivariant space - time geometries , where one can not introduce the conventional classical dynamics .  ⁇ n the geometrical dynamics is defined in multivariant space - time geometries , where one can not introduce the conventional classical dynamics .  ⁇ n the geometrical dynamics is defined in multivariant space - time geometries , where one can not
b' we construct a phenomenological model to address the observed frequency of kpc - scale dual active galactic nuclei ( dagns ) in the hierarchical @xmath0cdm cosmogony .  ⁇ n we assume that the major mergers of galaxies are triggered by the accretion onto the massive black holes ( mbhs ) , and that the eddington ratios of the nuclear luminosities are close to 1 ( e.g. , 0.11 ) .  ⁇ n we find that the observed frequency of kpc - scale dagns is surprisingly low , if one assumes that each major merger would yield a dagn .  ⁇ n we also find that the observed frequency of kpc - scale dagns is more than an order of magnitude lower than that expected from the observed major merger rate of galaxies if one assumes that each major merger would yield a dagn .  ⁇ n we also find that the observed frequency of kpc 
"b"" we present a search for millisecond pulsars ( msps ) in the _ fermi _ unidentified source catalog .  ⁇ n we selected a sample of gamma - ray sources with high galactic latitude and a high galactic latitude .  ⁇ n we found that msps are steady sources .  ⁇ n we also identified potential candidates from the gamma - ray spectra .  ⁇ n we found that msps are mostly  ⁇  radio - dim '' , i.e. , they are  ⁇  radio - loud '' .  ⁇ n we also found that msps are  ⁇  radio - dim '' , i.e. , they are  ⁇  radio - dim '' .  ⁇ n we also found that msps are  ⁇  radio - dim '' , i.e. , they are  ⁇  radio - loud '' .  ⁇ 
b' we study the effect of small pressures in a complete gravitational collapse of a massive matter cloud .  ⁇ n we consider spherically symmetric models of black hole and naked singularity formation for a general matter field , which undergo a complete gravitational collapse under reasonable physical conditions while satisfying suitable energy conditions .  ⁇ n we investigate the genericity and stability aspects of the occurrence of naked singularities and black holes as collapse endstates .  ⁇ n we show that the collapse final states in terms of black hole or naked singularity are affected and altered .  ⁇ n we examine in general how generic these outcomes are and we study in the initial data space the set of conditions that lead the collapse to a naked singularity and investigate how abundant these are .  ⁇ n we show that the occurrence of naked singularities and black holes as collapse endstates is a generic feature of general relativity .  ⁇ n we also investigate the genericity aspects of the occurrence of naked singularities and black holes as collapse endstates .  ⁇ n we show that the occurrence of naked singularities and black holes as collapse endstates is
b' we present a multi - valley effective mass theory for the donor problem in silicon .  ⁇ n our approach not only allows the entire @xmath0 manifold of the binding energies of the isolated donor electron to be accurately described , but crucially it also allows a correct description of the hyperfine coupling to the donor nucleus , as measured in experiments .  ⁇ n we show how the anisotropy of the donor wave function leads to a suppression in the oscillatory nature of the exchange coupling , especially for certain geometries .  ⁇ n this improvement in turn modifies intermediate and long range wave function shape and extent , and so strongly influences our exchange coupling estimates .  ⁇ n in addition , our theory is much less numerically efficient , and is much less numerically efficient . '
b' we present a detailed analysis of the light curves of wz sge - type dwarf novae , which show a very long outburst interval and no normal outbursts .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a near - infrared spectroscopic survey of the milky way s wolf - rayet and red supergiant stars .  ⁇ 
b' we present an online algorithm for locating the most recent position of a string matching a given pattern .  ⁇ n the algorithm is based on a suffix tree , and is based on a recursive suffix tree construction .  ⁇ 
b' we study the electronic structure of inas / inp and inas / gaas quantum dots using an atomistic pseudopotential method .  ⁇ n we find that there are significant differences in the electronic structure between the two systems , including the single - particle energy levels and optical properties .  ⁇ n these differences , which have not yet been paid enough attention to , could be revealed in the future high - resolution optical spectroscopy and charging experiments .  ⁇ 
b' we study the entropy production rate ( ep ) of a self - organizing fluid , a nonlinear dissipative system , in the framework of the minep principle .  ⁇ 
b' we present a novel approach to the analysis of 16s rrna tag - sequencing data .  ⁇ 
b' we report our experimental results in quantifying the predictive properties of a retina .  ⁇ n the mutual information between the input and output is measured as a function of the properties of the light pulses ; namely its mean inter - pulse interval and correlation time .  ⁇ n our main finding is that the location of the peak of mutual information can be shifted from the mean interval to the correlation time by an increase of the correlation time .  ⁇ n this indicates that the predictive properties of a retina can be used to distinguish the signals generated from an ornsteinuhlenbeck process and an hidden markovian process .  ⁇ n furthermore , this predictive property can be used to distinguish the signals generated from an ornsteinuhlenbeck process and an hidden markovian process . '
b' we present a novel system of radially - aligned ising - like spins , which exhibits a frustrated topological soliton defect in its ground state .  ⁇ n the system is a circular ring of radially - aligned evenly - spaced ising - like spins .  ⁇ n we use numerical simulations to show how this allows for a soliton to be driven around the system .  ⁇ n we also discuss the application of the system as a multiturn counter . '
b' we present a detailed analysis of the cosmic microwave background ( cmb ) and baryon acoustic oscillation ( bao ) data , including the effects of neutrinos , a warm dark matter fluid , and a time - varying dark energy equation of state .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the photospheric changes during a x - class flare observed by _ hinode _ , using high angular resolution filter - graph ( fg ) images obtained during the flare interval .  ⁇ n we find that the fg images reveal coherent motions of penumbral filaments during the flare .  ⁇ n the fg images show a clear lateral motion of penumbral filaments .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the trends in structural , electronic , and vibrational properties of grain boundaries ( gbs ) in graphene .  ⁇ n we use density - functional tight - binding ( dftb ) and the hotbit code to simulate gbs that are _ not ideal _ , but have certain roughness .  ⁇ 
b' we study the yokonuma hecke algebras of type gl .  ⁇ n we show that the juyumaya lambropoulou invariants of these algebras are topologically stronger than the homflypt polynomial .  ⁇ n we also show that the homflypt polynomial of the yokonuma hecke algebras is topologically stronger than the homflypt polynomial .  ⁇ n we also show that the homflypt polynomial of the yokonuma hecke algebras is topologically stronger than the homflypt polynomial . '
b' we present the results of a numerical study of evolving strings in a minkowski space - time .  ⁇ 
b' we study the low momentum part of the @xmath0 potential , which is based on the chiral effective field theory .  ⁇ n we perform a renormalization group decimation and integrate out the ambiguous high momentum components of the realistic interactions .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the structural properties of a sample of sub - mm galaxies ( smgs ) , which have been imaged with the hst / acs .  ⁇ n we find that the smgs are characterized by a very similar stellar mass surface density to the compact massive galaxies at lower redshift .  ⁇ n we also find that the star formation rates of these galaxies are in agreement with theoretical expectations .  ⁇ n we also find that the observed morphology of the smgs can be fitted into the evolutionary sequence proposed by current massive galaxy formation models .  ⁇ 
b' the na49 experiment at the cern sps has collected data on central pb+pb collisions at 5 beam energies in the range @xmath0 = 6.3 - 17.3 gev and minimum bias pb+pb collisions at @xmath0 = 8.7 and 17.3 gev .  ⁇ n the rapidity spectra of @xmath1 , @xmath2 , @xmath3 , @xmath4 , @xmath5 and @xmath6 are measured for different centralities in pb+pb collisions at @
b' this paper presents a topological analysis of the electrical power distribution grid .  ⁇ 
b' in this paper , we study some invariant properties of the discrete centroaffine indefinite surface in @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we obtain the structure equations , compatibility conditions and some centroaffine invariants .  ⁇ n the laplacian operator is defined as the gradient of the dirichlet energy for a discrete centroaffine indefinite surface .  ⁇ n the convexity of a discrete centroaffine indefinite surface is also considered . '
b' we study the mean squared displacement ( msd ) of a brownian particle in a tilted periodic potential .  ⁇ n we show that the msd is concave , and that the effective diffusion constant is modified by the potential felt by the particle .  ⁇ 
b' we study the evolution of the universe in the presence of a nonlinear spinor field .  ⁇ n we show that the introduction of a nonlinear spinor field in the system gives rise to a singularity - free model of the universe .  ⁇ n we show that the presence of nonlinear spinor field does not necessarily lead to the isotropization of the universe .  ⁇ n we also show that the presence of nonlinear spinor field does not necessarily lead to the late time acceleration of the universe .  ⁇ n we show that the presence of nonlinear spinor field does not necessarily lead to the isotropization of the universe .  ⁇ n we also show that the presence of nonlinear spinor field does not necessarily lead to the late time acceleration of the universe .  ⁇ n we also show that the presence of nonlinear spinor field does not necessarily lead to the isotropization of the universe .  ⁇ n we also show that the presence of nonlinear spinor field does not necessarily lead to the late time acceleration of the universe .  ⁇ n we also show that the presence of nonlinear
b' we discuss the energy extraction from higher dimensional black holes and black ring .  ⁇ n we find that the penrose process is efficient in determining the energy of the black hole .  ⁇ n we also discuss the stability of the black ring and black hole . '
b' the ams experiment has measured the rigidity of charged cosmic rays in the first 30 months of flight .  ⁇ n the rigidity is measured to be 2tv over the 3 m lever arm from the top of the tracker to the bottom of the tracker .  ⁇ n the unbiased trigger is used to measure the efficiency of the charged particle trigger .  ⁇ n the results are presented . '
b' in this paper , we study the homfly polynomial of a link whose closure represents a given link .  ⁇ n we show that the @xmath0-span of the homfly polynomial of a link is bounded from below by @xmath1-span .  ⁇ n we also show that the morton - frank - williams inequality is sharp for some classes of links .  ⁇ n we also show that the morton - frank - williams inequality is sharp for some classes of links .  ⁇ n we also show that the morton - frank - williams inequality is sharp for some classes of links . '
b' we study the non - linear response of a one - dimensional atom to one- and two - photon input pulses .  ⁇ n we first introduce an analysis of the interaction in terms of absorption and transmission processes .  ⁇ n we then analyze the interaction processes for a long pulse length in terms of pulse amplitude and pulse delay time .  ⁇ n we show that a maximal non - linear effect should be obtained for a pulse length equal to the dipole relaxation time of the atom .  ⁇ n we then analyze the corresponding interaction processes for a short two - photon pulse , confirming the dominance of the non - linear effect throughout the short two - photon pulse . '
b' we introduce a semi - classical wavefunction formalism that combines the wave / particle pictures of the electron with a quantum - like delocalized wavefunction supported by a trajectory in phase space .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new , unified model of low - luminosity active galactic nuclei ( llagns ) based on the radiatively inefficient accretion flow ( riaf ) model .  ⁇ 
b' the lhc will open a new frontier in particle physics due to its higher collision energy and luminosity as compared to the existing accelerators .  ⁇ n the general - purpose atlas and cms experiments at the lhc will employ precision tracking , calorimetry and muon measurements over a large solid angle to identify and measure electrons , muons , photons , photons , photons , jets and missing energy accurately .  ⁇ n therefore , they have great physics potential in discovering many possible new particles .  ⁇ n the significance calculation in searching for and observation of a physics signal with known location and shape is no longer valid when either the location or the shape of the signal is unknown .  ⁇ n this will be the case for many of the possible new physics signals at the lhc .  ⁇ n we discuss in detail the problems of the current significance calculation .  ⁇ n we then describe general procedures for significance calculation and comparing different search schemes .  ⁇ n we describe a new analysis method and compare it with the current  ⁇  sliding
b' we present directed and elliptic flow measurements at the full beam energy of 158 agev .  ⁇ n the results are compared to the results of the na49 experiment at rhic .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new analytical solution for hot accretion flow with no wind .  ⁇ n we assume that the viscosity coefficient @xmath0 is a constant , but varies with @xmath1 .  ⁇ n we find that @xmath1 is not a constant , but varies with @
b' i present a new method for constructing a dynamical model for the milky way s bulge and inner disk .  ⁇ 
b' we present a method for the evaluation of the phase of a two - state quantum system interacting with a coherent field .  ⁇ n we show that , unless applied very carefully , the adiabatic elimination approximation can lead to significant errors in the value of the gate phase .  ⁇ n we analyze various sources of errors , ranging from higher terms in the adiabatic expansion to population decay and shifts from additional states , and show that the standard adiabatic elimination approximation is accurate only for very large detunings .  ⁇ n we then present a simple formula for the gate phase based on the adiabatic approximation .  ⁇ n this approximation contains the standard adiabatic elimination approximation as a limiting case , but it is also valid for moderately large detunings ( @xmath0 ) .  ⁇ n we also present several exact solutions . '
b' we study the non - anticommutative wess - zumino model in four dimensions .  ⁇ n we show how differential operators implementing the non - anticommutative supersymmetry algebra acting on the component fields can be constructed .  ⁇ n we re - examine the two - loop calculation first performed in ref .  ⁇ n @xcite , showing that to correctly obtain results for the theory where the auxiliary fields have been eliminated from those for the uneliminated theory , it is necessary to include in the classical action all the terms which may be generated by the renormalisation process .  ⁇ n we show that ( at least up to two - loop order ) the results obtained when we eliminate the auxiliary fields after renormalisation are equivalent to those obtained when we eliminate the auxiliary fields before quantisation .  ⁇ 
b' we study the dynamics of metastable states in finite systems .  ⁇ n we show that the metastable state can be viewed as a restriction of the equilibrium ensemble onto a suitably defined subset .  ⁇ n we then show that this metastable state can be viewed as the restriction of the equilibrium ensemble onto a suitably defined subset .  ⁇ 
b' we study the effects of non - minimal couplings of the moduli to gravity in the scalar - gravity sector .  ⁇ n we find that the scalar charge is a function of the mass of the black hole , and is therefore an example of secondary scalar hair .  ⁇ n we also find that an upper limit on the scalar charges for given mass is imposed , in order to avoid the hawking evaporation process .  ⁇ n we also show that the scalar charge is a function of the mass of the black hole , and that the scalar charge is a function of the mass of the black hole . '
b' we study the existence of automorphisms that act as odd permutations on the vertex set of a graph .  ⁇ n such automorphisms are referred to as _ odd automorphisms _ and _ even automorphisms _ .  ⁇ n we show that if a vertex - transitive graph admits an odd automorphism , then it is possible to construct a vertex - transitive graph with an odd automorphism .  ⁇ n we also show that if a vertex - transitive graph admits an odd automorphism , then it is possible to construct a vertex - transitive graph with an odd automorphism .  ⁇ n we also show that if a vertex - transitive graph admits an odd automorphism , then it is possible to construct a vertex - transitive graph with an odd automorphism . '
b' we present _ spitzer _  ⁇ 
b' we study the effects of vector and scalar unparticles on top quark spin correlations in the process @
b' we present a search for the far infrared background ( firb ) in the firas pass 4 data .  ⁇ n the firas data are analyzed using the dirbe data , and the zodiacal dust emission is removed from the dirbe data .  ⁇ 
b' the quenched mean - field theory is applied to the susceptible - infected - susceptible model on erds - rnyi and barabsi - albert graphs .  ⁇ n the quenched mean - field theory is compared with dynamical simulations .  ⁇ 
b' we present a greedy algorithm for graph clustering , based on the consensus matrix .  ⁇ 
b' we present a method for determining the ground state of graphene in a strong magnetic field based on the fermion dynamical symmetry method .  ⁇ n the method is based on a truncation of the hilbert space to a tractable collective subspace , and a truncation of the hilbert space to a tractable collective subspace by positing a highest symmetry associated with the physical operators for the system .  ⁇ n we solve analytically for the properties of these collective modes and determine which of these modes is the ground state .  ⁇ n we find that the ground state of graphene in a strong magnetic field is insulating , and that the ground state of graphene in a strong magnetic field is insulating .  ⁇ n we also find that the ground state of graphene in a strong magnetic field is insulating , and that the ground state of graphene in a strong magnetic field is insulating . '
b' linear dynamics of surface waves and internal perturbations in deep fluid in the absence of wind and presence of the fluid flow with vertical shear of velocity is studied in the framework of the non - modal approach .  ⁇ n dispersive characteristics of shear modified surface gravity waves as well as linear mechanism of surface waves generation in deep fluid by internal perturbations are studied in detail .  ⁇ n the obtained results are applied to the concrete physical problems . '
b' we investigate the critical behavior of black string solutions in einstein gravity augmented by the gauss - bonnet term .  ⁇ n we use a series expansion in @xmath0 to investigate the black string solutions .  ⁇ n we find that the mass of the black string is bounded from below by a lower bound , @xmath1 , where @xmath2 is the gauss - bonnet coupling .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the magnetic interaction between quasiparticles in a strongly correlated electron system on the border of ferromagnetism .  ⁇ n we show that the magnetic interaction is strongly non - local in both space and time .  ⁇ 
b' we have performed a first - principles investigation of the electronic and optical properties of si / sio@xmath0 superlattices .  ⁇ n the brillouin zone folding ( bz ) method is used to calculate the electronic structure , the optical properties , and the luminescence efficiency .  ⁇ 
b' we study the effects of kink defects on the force - extension curve of dna .  ⁇ n we show that the kink defects can induce detectable changes in the force - extension curve , dna shapes , and dna cyclization probability .  ⁇ 
b' we study the geometric flow @xmath0 , where @xmath1 is the curvature , and @xmath2 is the nonlinear schrdinger ( nls ) equation .  ⁇ n we show that the nls equation has a one - parameter family of regular self - similar solutions that develop a corner - shaped singularity at finite time .  ⁇ 
b' we study josephson effect in a semiconductor nanowire - superconductor heterostructure .  ⁇ n we show that the supercurrent through the nanowire in the helical phase is mainly transmitted by the discrete electron - hole states ( andreev bound states ) confined in the nanowire .  ⁇ n we show that the supercurrent through the nanowire in the short - constriction limit is mainly transmitted by the discrete electron - hole states ( andreev bound states ) confined in the nanowire .  ⁇ n we also consider here long - junction limit and show that our findings persist in this case as well .  ⁇ n we also calculate the local density of states ( ldos ) of the andreev bound states in disordered nanowires and show that the ldos can be probed by a scanning tunneling microscope . '
b' we study the scattering properties of cold atoms in harmonically confined geometrie
b' the fundamental synthesis formula used for the determination of radio source positions is discussed .  ⁇ n the international celestial reference frame ( icrf ) is described in some detail .  ⁇ n the measurement of relative positions to obtain the motion of radio sources , and calibrator choice concerns are then given .  ⁇ n the description of four experiments highlight current techniques .  ⁇ n a brief conclusion is given , and an appendix concerning the controversy of the speed of gravity is given . '
b' we study the dynamics of an underwater air bubble pinching off from a water source .  ⁇ n the pinch - off produces a small region of water moving at speeds of 10s of meters per second .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate resonance energy transfer ( ret ) kinetics in two pairs of oligo-_p_-phenylenevinylene ( opv ) derivatives .  ⁇ n mopv and bopv form dimers by hydrogen bonding in dodecane solution .  ⁇ n the intermolecular electronic coupling in the stacks is moderately strong compared to intramolecular vibronic coupling , resulting in red - shifted photoluminescence spectra ( by up to 0.2ev ) in mopv stacks compared to mopv solution .  ⁇ n similar shifts are observed in bopv stacks , suggesting that the magnitude of intermolecular coupling is comparable in this system . '
b' we calculate the variance , the cumulants , and the density probability distribution function ( pdf ) of smoothed cosmic fields .  ⁇ n the theoretical predictions of the perturbation theory are compared with the actual data .  ⁇ n we find that the pdf is a good descriptor of the statistical information of the universe .  ⁇ 
b' we study the effect of electron - phonon interaction on the current - voltage characteristics of a single benzene molecule attached to electrodes via thiol groups .  ⁇ n we use a non - equilibrium green s function formalism to calculate the current - voltage characteristics of the system .  ⁇ 
b' we study the communicability - based functions of graphs based on a double - factorial penalization of walks .  ⁇ 
b' the dynamics of recombination in ultrastrong laser fields is investigated by numerical simulations .  ⁇ n the recombination process is characterized by a time - dependent population of the bound state and a slow drift .  ⁇ n the time dependence of the final population of the bound state is studied as a function of the amplitude of the laser field and of the details of the slow drift .  ⁇ n the results of the simulations are compared with those of the classical ion - ion recombination . '
b' we study the scaling state of two - dimensional froths with a natural force - based vertex model .  ⁇ n we find angle - deviations that are quantitatively consistent with experimentally observed angle deviations of undrained froths .  ⁇ n we also observe a significant rate of macroscopic @xmath0 events in the scaling state .  ⁇ n we also observe a significant rate of macroscopic @xmath1 events in the scaling state .  ⁇ n we also observe a significant rate of macroscopic @xmath2 events in the scaling state . '
b' we study the effects of level broadening on the kinetic equations for electrons excited by a noncoherent narrow band laser .  ⁇ n we show that the kinetic equations can be written in a form similar to the boltzmann equation .  ⁇ 
b' we study the dynamics of a random field ginzburg - landau model with a long - range interaction .  ⁇ n the model is characterized by a gaussian density field and a feynman variational principle .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed analysis of the accretion disk of the cataclysmic variable hd 0505 - 006 .  ⁇ n the disk is modeled by a spherical , axisymmetric , spherical , spherical , spherical , spherical , spherical , spherical , spherical , spherical , spherical , spherical , spherical , spherical , spherical , spherical , spherical , spherical , spherical , spherical , spherical , spherical , spherical , spherical , spherical , spherical , spherical , spherical , spherical , sp
b' we study the naming game ( ng ) algorithm with local broadcast on random geometrical graphs ( rggs ) .  ⁇ n we show that the ng can be used to reach global agreement without global coordination .  ⁇ n we also study the probability distribution of the agreement times and the cluster - size distribution in the ng .  ⁇ n further , we construct and present finite - size scaling for the agreement times in small - world ( sw)-connected rggs . '
b' we study the exciton condensation in 1@xmath0-tise@xmath1 by means of the density functional theory .  ⁇ n we find that the exciton condensation is a stable state with a large fermi surface nesting .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the precession of the clockwise disk induced by dense gaseous rings around the supermassive black hole ( smbh ) .  ⁇ n we generate such rings self - consistently , by simulating the disruption of a turbulence - supported molecular cloud .  ⁇ n we also account for the presence of warm gas in the inner cavity .  ⁇ n we study the dependence of precession upon the angle between the clockwise disk and the circumnuclear ring ( cnr ) .  ⁇ n we find that the precession of the mean orbital elements of a stellar orbit is suppressed by the presence of a strong spherical potential , such as the cnr .  ⁇ n we also investigate the effect of the cnr on the precession of the orbital elements , and we find that the precession of the orbital elements is suppressed by the presence of warm gas in the inner cavity .  ⁇ n we also investigate the effect of the cnr on the precession of the orbital elements .
b' we present a self - consistent model of the vertical distribution of neutral atomic hydrogen ( ) in four dwarf irregular ( dirr ) galaxies .  ⁇ n we use a self - consistent model of the vertical stellar and gas distributions in a gravitationally coupled , three component galactic disk .  ⁇ 
b' we study theoretically the thermomechanical effects which occur in uniformly aligned dye - doped nematic liquid crystals .  ⁇ n we show that thermal heating leads to an additional torque which acts on the director together with the light - induced torque .  ⁇ n this additional torque will help either to destabilize or stabilize the initial orientation which is determined by the ratio of the thermomechanical coefficients .  ⁇ n we account for the possible decrease of the reorientation threshold by a 1d model that assumes homogenous intensity distribution in the plane of the layer and includes the light absorption into the hydrodynamic equations for the nematics .  ⁇ n we show that the additional torque might be strong enough to induce the molecular reorientation well before the onset of the optical fredericksz transition ( oft ) and janossy effect for dye - doped nematics .  ⁇ n we account for the possible decrease of the reorientation threshold by a 1d model that assumes homogenous intensity distribution in the plane of the layer and includes the light ab
b' we present a new analysis of the kinematics of a sample of @xmath0 star - forming galaxies .  ⁇ n we use a spherical , spherical , and spherical halo model to study the kinematics of the galaxies .  ⁇ 
b' we present a deep luminosity function of a dwarf spheroidal galaxy with a large amount of apparent dark matter .  ⁇ n we compare that to the luminosity function of a system known to contain no dark matter , such as a globular cluster .  ⁇ 
b' we study the dynamics of a one - dimensional atomic system in an optical lattice .  ⁇ n the lattice is a crystal structure of off - resonant laser light , wherein atoms are trapped due to the optical dipole force .  ⁇ n the periodic potential leads to a structured continuum with scattering states grouped in energy bands separated by band gaps .  ⁇ n the depth of the lattice controls the width of the bands and their mutual separation .  ⁇ n this has fundamental implications for both the bound states and the scattering states of the system .  ⁇ n in particular , the feshbach resonance gives rise to motionally bound molecules , which are stable only at finite center of mass momentum with respect to the lattice , while decaying if at rest .  ⁇ n we show that the position of the resonance can be tuned by varying the strength of the applied magnetic field .  ⁇ n we also show that the feshbach resonance can be used to tune the location of the resonance at a fixed position .
b' the dynamics of fluctuations in a two - mode atom - molecule condensate is described by a linearization of the exact quantum equations of motion for the field operators .  ⁇ n the dynamics is described by a quantum process of spontaneous decay of the condensate into the fluctuation vacuum , accompanied by the formation of entangled pairs .  ⁇ n the formally calculated energy of a bogolubov quasiparticle becomes complex also when the energy of the excitation is lower than the energy of a particle in the condensate .  ⁇ n the dynamics is described by a quantum process of spontaneous decay of the condensate into the fluctuation vacuum , accompanied by the formation of entangled pairs .  ⁇ n the formally calculated energy of a bogolubov quasiparticle becomes complex also when the energy of the excitation is lower than the energy of a particle in the condensate .  ⁇ n the bogolubov quasiparticle energy becomes complex also when the energy of the excitation is lower than the energy of a particle in the
b' we perform a two - dimensional full particle simulation of a high mach number and low - beta perpendicular collisionless shock .  ⁇ n the electron surfing acceleration is suppressed in a 2d system .  ⁇ n the preliminary result shows that the electron surfing acceleration is suppressed in a 2d system . '
"b"" we present a detailed analysis of the radiation field produced in the atmosphere of an unmagnetized , accreting neutron star .  ⁇ n the radiation field is calculated using the characteristics method introduced by zane et al .  ⁇ n ( 1996 ) .  ⁇ n the frequency dependent transfer equation is solved coupled to the hydrostatic and energy balance .  ⁇ n the resulting intensity is then used to estimate the pair number density produced by photon photon interactions .  ⁇ n although not fully self - consistent , this approach shows that a large pair production is expected in the external atmospheric layers .  ⁇ n this opens the possibility that such configurations are unstable with respect to the onset of a radiatively driven wind , produced by the increased opacity in the pair rich plasma .  ⁇ n this opens the possibility that such configurations are unstable with respect to the onset of a radiatively driven wind , produced by the increased opacity in the pair rich plasma .  ⁇ n this opens the possibility that such configurations are unstable with respect to the onset of a radiatively driven wind
b' the quantum kinetic theory associated to the square - root klein - gordon - poisson system is revisited .  ⁇ n the evolution equation satisfied by the non - covariant wigner function is set into a manifestly schrdinger - like form .  ⁇ n the dispersion relation for linear electrostatic waves is obtained .  ⁇ n a new quantum modified relativistic factor is then identified .  ⁇ n an application is devised for a mono - energetic beam equilibrium .  ⁇ n physical relevant parameters are found , where the joint quantum and relativistic effects significantly alter the wave propagation .  ⁇ n in addition the underlying validity conditions and limitations of the model are considered . '
b' we argue that the concept of complexity is a useful tool to describe complex systems .  ⁇ n it is based on the underlying microscopic interactions between components .  ⁇ n we argue that statistical mechanics is the best methodology available to obtain a quantitative description of complex systems .  ⁇ n we illustrate this with a simple model of evolutionary ecology , called the tangled nature model .  ⁇ n we discuss feedback , emergence , network structures , and the intermittent temporal mode of macro - evolution in contrast to the steady pace of dynamics at the level of individuals .  ⁇ n we also briefly touch on the modelling of ecological observables such as the species abundance distribution , species area laws and the relationship between interaction and diversity . '
b' we study the glauber dynamics of finite size systems .  ⁇ n we calculate the time @xmath0 , which is the time at which the system equilibrates .  ⁇ n we also discuss the possibility of metastability without ageing on experimental time scales .  ⁇ n we also discuss the possibility of metastability without ageing on experimental time scales . '
b' we study the spectral properties of the area operator in loop quantum gravity .  ⁇ 
b' we present optical differential photometry and optical spectroscopy of the symbiotic star ch cygni .  ⁇ n our observations cover several interesting phases . in 1997 , ch cygni produced a radio jet after a drop in the optical flux . in 1998 ,  ⁇ n the hot source was eclipsed by the red giant in 1999 .  ⁇ n we discuss the disappearance of all minute- to hour - time - scale variations during the proposed eclipse of the accreting white dwarf by the red giant in 1999 .  ⁇ n we also discuss the timing of the eclipse .  ⁇ n no coherent or quasi - periodic oscillations were found , and we discuss the difficulty for magnetic propeller models of ch cygni in the face of this lack of evidence for a strong magnetic field .  ⁇ n we suggest that the activity in ch cyg may instead be driven by an unstable accretion disk . '
b' we present a first principles study of the magnetic properties of zno : co .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a method to construct an effective hamiltonian via the path integral starting from the action .  ⁇ n the method is based on the euclidean path integral .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed analysis of the dynamical spectra of the spectroscopic binary @xmath0 aur .  ⁇ n we show that the dynamical spectra of the strong metallic lines si ii 6347 and fe ii 6417 show a cyclic variation of the absorption .  ⁇ 
b' this paper theoretically studies the quantization reference voltage of modulated wideband converter ( mwc ) .  ⁇ n the reference voltage is a useful parameter to consider about .  ⁇ n the quantization takes place at the end of the sampling stage and the maximum of the samples is sensitive to several parameters , especially the randomness of the mixing functions .  ⁇ n therefore , the reference voltage can not be derived intuitively from the input signal .  ⁇ n moreover , simulation results exploit that the reference voltage varies widely even when the input signal is fixed .  ⁇ n therefore , an improper reference voltage may have a severe impact on the performance of the whole system .  ⁇ 
b' we show that the vast majority of _ kepler _ s multiple planet candidates are true multiple planet systems .  ⁇ 
b' the microwave surface impedance of dyba@xmath0cu@xmath1o@xmath2 ( dybco ) monodomains is studied .  ⁇ n the surface impedance is measured by means of two cylindrical resonators , a silver - coated metal cavity and a dielectric resonator , operating in the te@xmath3 mode at approximately 48.3 ghz and 47.7 ghz , respectively .  ⁇ n the surface impedance is measured by means of two cylindrical resonators , a silver - coated metal cavity and a dielectric resonator , operating in the te@xmath4 mode .  ⁇ n the surface impedance is measured by means of the surface perturbation method , with the sample under measurement replacing one of the cavity bases .  ⁇ n the surface impedance is measured by means of two cylindrical resonators , a silver - coated metal cavity and a dielectric resonator , operating in the te
b' we present a new pic - based simulation technique speed - limited pic ( slpic ) , which allows for fast plasma phenomena , but does not require any reduced physics model .  ⁇ n slpic is a new pic - based simulation technique that allows for faster phenomena , but does not require any timestep restriction .  ⁇ n slpic is a minor modification to an existing pic code , and can be implemented as a minor modification to an existing pic code .  ⁇ n slpic is not a universal replacement for other pic - based simulations , but it can be implemented as a minor modification to an existing pic code .  ⁇ n slpic is not a universal replacement for other pic - based simulations , but it can be implemented as a minor modification to an existing pic code .  ⁇ n slpic is not a universal replacement for other pic - based simulations , but it does extend the feasible range of pic simulation to longer timescales .  ⁇ n slpic is not a universal replacement
b' we calculate the total cross - section for the higgs plus one jet production in the minimal supersymmetric standard model ( mssm ) at next - to - leading order ( nlo ) in perturbative qcd .  ⁇ n the nlo qcd corrections to the total cross - section are calculated for the sm higgs , @xmath0 , and the mssm scalars , @xmath1 and @xmath2 , and the mssm pseudoscalar @xmath2 .  ⁇ n the nlo qcd corrections to the total cross - section are found to be significant for the sm higgs plus one jet production .  ⁇ n the nlo qcd corrections to the total cross - section for the sm higgs plus one jet production are also calculated .  ⁇ n the nlo qcd corrections to the total cross - section for the mssm higg
b' we calculate the flux of high energy gamma - rays due to annihilation of neutralinos in the halo of the globular cluster palomar 13 .  ⁇ n we assume that the nfw profile is the signature of a halo made of cold particles .  ⁇ n we calculate the fluxes in the gamma - ray range .  ⁇ n we find that the fluxes in the gamma - ray range are very close to the ewsb flux .  ⁇ n we also discuss the prospects for detecting neutralinos in the galactic center . '
b' we propose a framework for deep learning that incorporates synchrony in the output of neurons .  ⁇ n we use complex - valued units , such that each neuron s output is described by both a firing rate and a phase variable .  ⁇ n phase variables across neurons represent relative timing of activity .  ⁇ 
b' we study the adsorption of chloroform and bromoform on graphene using first - principles van der waals density functional theory calculations .  ⁇ n we determine the adsorption energy and the atomic structure .  ⁇ n we compare the adsorption energies of chloroform and bromoform with those of similar molecules , like methane and tribromomethane ( chbr@xmath0 ) .  ⁇ 
b' we calculate the magnitude of homogeneous riemannian manifolds using a measure theoretic approach rather than the finite subset approach .  ⁇ n we show that the magnitude of a @xmath0-sphere with its intrinsic metric is given by the penguin valuation of @xcite .  ⁇ n we also show that the magnitude of a @xmath0-sphere with its intrinsic metric is given by the penguin valuation of @xcite . '
b' we prove that the quadratic growth rate of cylinders of periodic trajectories or saddle connections on the two dimensional torus with @xmath0 marked points is almost everywhere constant .  ⁇ 
b' the tiara array is a single - layer silicon detector array designed to study direct reactions with radioactive beams .  ⁇ n the array is designed to provide a high resolution kinematically reconstructed excitation energy for the d(@xmath0n , p)@xmath1n reaction .  ⁇ n the array has been commissioned at the ganil laboratory through a study of the d(@xmath2n , p)@xmath3n reaction with coincident @xmath1-ray detection .  ⁇ n the array is used to identify the binary reaction channels and to determine the excitation energies of the populated states .  ⁇ n the results are reported here together with a full description of the array . '
b' isospin dependent isospin distributions of fragments are investigated within a microcanonical multifragmentation model .  ⁇ n the results are obtained in three distinct cases : ( 200 , 82 ) with and without coulomb interaction and ( 50 , 23 ) with coulomb interaction .  ⁇ n characteristic shapes of @xmath0 versus @xmath1 distributions are found in each zone of the phase diagram .  ⁇ n interesting finite size effects are identified for low multiplicities .  ⁇ n the dependence of the above distributions as a function of source isospin is investigated .  ⁇ n the observed signals survive the sequential evaporation stage .  ⁇ n effects of the secondary decays are discussed .  ⁇ n a link with dynamical models predictions , interpretation of the gas and liquid phases with respect to the cluster size is performed . '
b' the scattering of a fermion in the background of a sign step potential is considered .  ⁇ n the problem is mapped into an exactly solvable sturm - liouville problem of a schrdinger - like equation with an effective rosen - morse potential .  ⁇ n the scattering problem is assessed and the complex poles of the transmission amplitude are identified .  ⁇ n the scattering problem is mapped into a second - degree algebraic equation .  ⁇ n it is shown that , in contrast to the case of a sign step potential , the spectrum consists of a finite set of bound - state solutions .  ⁇ n an isolated solution from the sturm - liouville perspective is also present .  ⁇ n the spectrum consists of a finite set of bound - state solutions .  ⁇ n the whole relativistic spectrum is found , if the particle is massless or not .  ⁇ n nevertheless , bounded solutions do exist only under strict conditions .  ⁇ n nevertheless , all
b' we consider perturbations to a background schwarzschild spacetime which is described covariantly in terms of three non - vanishing locally rotationally symmetric class ii scalars .  ⁇ n the energy - momentum is specified as a first - order perturbation to an initial spacelike three - slice , and every three - slice is further foliated by a family of two - slices .  ⁇ n we then demonstrate how to derive covaraint wave - like equations arising from the once - contracted bianchi identities .  ⁇ n we then construct complex tensors for the irreducible parts of the gravito - electromagentic ( gem ) fields .  ⁇ n subsequently , by using a covariant decomposition of the two - sheet , we derive two decoupled wave - like equations for complex spin - weighted scalars .  ⁇ n these are a covariant representation of the bardeen - press equations .  ⁇ n finally 
b' we describe the geodesic flow of a finsler metric in the plane .  ⁇ n we describe the finsler metrics in the plane whose geodesics are circles of a fixed radius .  ⁇ n this is an analog of the celebrated hilbert s fourth problem of describing the finsler metrics in a domain in projective space whose geodesics are straight lines .  ⁇ n we give analytic and synthetic descriptions in the proofs . '
b' we study the effect of turbulent comptonization by magnetorotational turbulence on the thermal spectrum of a local patch of a accretion disc .  ⁇ 
b' we present new photometry of the type ia supernova 2002ic .  ⁇ 
b' we consider a class of solutions of the signum - klein - gordon model with v - shaped potentials .  ⁇ n the new solutions are quite interesting because they merge properties of shock waves ( discontinuity of the field at one end ) and compactons ( quadratic approach to a vacuum value at the other end ) .  ⁇ n we call them _ shock impulses _ instead of _ shock waves_. they are compact in an arbitrary stage of evolution so we call them _ shock impulses _ instead of _ shock waves_. '
b' deep learning is a promising new area of research in statistical machine learning .  ⁇ n deep learning algorithms are centered on the learning of useful representations of data , which are better suited to the task at hand , and are organized in a hierarchy with multiple levels .  ⁇ n this is in fact inspired by observations of the mammalian visual cortex , which consists of a chain of processing elements each of which is associated with a different representation of the raw visual input .  ⁇ n learning a hierarchy of features increases the ease and practicality of developing representations that are at once tailored to specific tasks , yet are able to borrow statistical strength from other related tasks ( e.g. , modeling different kinds of objects ) .  ⁇ n in fact , learning a hierarchy of features can lead to more abstract ( more abstract ) features that are more robust to unanticipated sources of variance extant in real data .  ⁇ n finally , learning the feature representation can lead to more abstract features that are more robust to unanticipated sources of variance extant in real data .  ⁇ n we study the impact of
b' models of the solar chromosphere are presented .  ⁇ 
b' we study the cooperative behavior of a globally coupled system of bernoulli units .  ⁇ n we show that the system exhibits a rich dynamical pattern , namely , clustering , coherent structures and synchronization .  ⁇ n we also show that the fluctuations in the mean field , seen by each element of the coupled system , seem to be rather tame and the origin of the correlations and structures may be correctly identified .  ⁇ 
b' we study the dynamical matrix of a two - dimensional electron gas ( 2deg ) in the presence of a perpendicular magnetic field .  ⁇ n we use a combination of the hartree - fock and generalized random - phase approximations ( grpa ) to calculate the energy and order parameters of the crystal .  ⁇ 
b' we report on experimental observations of a laser - induced shock wave .  ⁇ n the shock wave is induced by a 532 nm , 6 ns laser pulse , which is focused through an objective lens to a point inside a water - filled glass tank .  ⁇ 
b' we consider problems of coloring quadtree squares so that no two neighboring squares sharing an edge have the same color .  ⁇ n we provide simple linear time algorithms that color quadtrees within these bounds , and that even unbalanced corner - adjacent quadtrees can be six - colored .  ⁇ n we also provide lower bound examples showing that three colors are necessary for balanced edge adjacency , four colors are necessary for unbalanced edge adjacency , and at least five colors are necessary for balanced corner adjacency . '
b' we study the exact solutions of the spin equation , a system of two differential equations describing two - level systems .  ⁇ n we show that a repeated use of simple transformations introduced in a previous paper gives rise to a wide range of exactly solvable interactions for the spin equation .  ⁇ 
b' we study the production of heavy quarks in @xmath0 collisions at lep2 and a future next linear collider .  ⁇ n we show that the production of heavy quarks in the @xmath1 scattering process is dominated by the direct process , and by the resolved process .  ⁇ n we show that the separation of the direct and resolved processes is unambiguous to next - to - leading order in qcd .  ⁇ 
b' the problem of identification of the jump part of a lvy process is considered .  ⁇ n the first group of results of the present paper are formulas for @xmath0 , or time decay , of out - of - the - money european call and put options on a stock , at expiry .  ⁇ n the former is shown to be negative if there are positive ( resp .  ⁇ n , negative ) jumps .  ⁇ n in other words , we prove that near expiry , these prices are linear functions of time to expiry ( up to relatively small errors ) , and calculate the coefficients .  ⁇ n the results are explicit analytical expressions in terms of the parameters which characterize the process .  ⁇ n after that , by using the data for options far from expiry , one can identify the first instantaneous moment of the process , and calculate the diffusion coefficient by subtracting the second instantaneous moment of the jump part of the process .  ⁇ n this gives a new identification method for the diffusion component .  ⁇ n the first instant
b' we study the nonlinear evolution of the mirror and ion - cyclotron instabilities in a collisionless plasma .  ⁇ n we show that the mirror instability is dominated by the ion - cyclotron instability , and that the mirror instability is dominated by the ion - cyclotron instability .  ⁇ 
b' we use a modified flow analysis to identify inflation models where the perturbations at the end of inflation may be large enough for primordial black holes to be overproduced .  ⁇ n we carry out a numerical evolution of the primordial perturbations and use the constraints on the primordial black hole abundance to eliminate models which overproduce primordial black holes . '
b' we present a dynamic model based on an intrinsic mechanism with non - markovian feedback , which is obviously free from an external feedback loop and does not rely on a presupposition of historical dependence .  ⁇ n this mechanism is illustrated by a simple mechanical system in which the target is modeled by a harmonic oscillator and attached to a dynamic controller through a spring .  ⁇ n the target is controlled by an intrinsic feedback through the dynamics of coupling : earlier positions and velocities of the target affect the motion of the controller and this influence is subsequently fed back to the target .  ⁇ n consequently , the accumulation of earlier states of the target will affect the state of itself later .  ⁇ n consequently , the accumulation of earlier states of the target will affect the state of itself later .  ⁇ n consequently , the accumulation of earlier states will affect the state of itself later .  ⁇ n consequently , the accumulation of earlier states will affect the state of itself later .  ⁇ n consequently , the accumulation of earlier states will affect the state of itself later .  ⁇ n consequent
b' we present a detailed analysis of the continuum spectral energy distributions ( seds ) of quasars .  ⁇ n we find that the ionizing continuum of quasars falls as @xmath0 , before meeting the x - ray power law .  ⁇ 
b' we study the probability distribution of the total time @xmath0 where the stochastic entropy production is negative .  ⁇ n we show that the probability distribution of the total time @xmath0 is a power - law with the exponent @xmath1 , where @xmath2 is the total time of occurrence of the violation sectors .  ⁇ 
b' we study the potentials and electric fields for uniformly charged straight - line segments in two and higher dimensions .  ⁇ n we find that the associated linear charge distributions giving rise to ellipsoidal equipotentials are peaked at the center of the segment .  ⁇ n this is a remarkable result , and we illustrate how continuous ellipsoids can be used as a mathematical device to regulate singular behavior . '
b' we present a study of the chiral limit of the dyson - schwinger equations .  ⁇ n we show that the chiral limit is a unique probe of the long - range interaction between light - quarks in qcd .  ⁇ 
b' we examine the relation between jets and equatorial tori in proto - planetary nebulae .  ⁇ n we find evidence for a torus - jet sequence , and we use this to evaluate different formation scenarios .  ⁇ 
b' we consider the possibility of generating massless nambu - goldstone bosons ( ngb s ) in the context of the standard model .  ⁇ n we assume that the spontaneous breaking of global symmetries of the right - handed and left - handed neutrinos arises in the yukawa couplings of the right - handed and left - handed neutrinos to the higgs field of the standard model .  ⁇ n we then assume that this is the primary source of the explicit global symmetry breaking .  ⁇ n we then assume that the majorons will become pseudo - nambu - goldstone bosons ( pngb s ) at least via loop diagrams that involve insertions of the various yukawa vertices in the presence of the higgs vacuum expectation value .  ⁇ n these loop diagrams require sufficiently many insertion
b' polarization and lifetime measurements of @xmath0 in have been performed using @xmath1mo(@xmath2o , p3n ) reaction .  ⁇ n the polarization and lifetime measurements have been performed using doppler - shift attenuation method .  ⁇ n the results of polarization and lifetime measurements have been used along with tilted axis cranking calculations to obtain the shape parameters and quasiparticle configurations for different dipole bands in @xmath0 in .  ⁇ n the results of polarization and lifetime measurements have been used along with tilted axis cranking calculations to obtain the shape parameters and quasiparticle configurations for different bands in @xmath0 in .  ⁇ n the results of polarization and lifetime measurements have been used along with tilted axis cranking calculations to obtain the shape parameters and quasiparticle configurations for different bands in @xmath0 in .  ⁇ n the results of polarization and lifetime measurements have been used to obtain the shape parameters and quasiparticle configurations for different bands in @xmat
b' the concavity of nuclear binding energies is investigated in a theory at zero temperature .  ⁇ n the tin isotopes are used to test the concavity of the ground - state binding energies .  ⁇ n the tin isotopes are used to test the concavity of the ground - state binding energies .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a follow - up observation of the subdwarf b ( sdb ) pulsators pg 0154 + 182 , hs 1824 + 5745 , and hs 2151 + 0857 .  ⁇ n the pulsation frequencies of these stars were determined from a single - site observing campaign .  ⁇ 
b' this document presents a naturalistic experiment on syntax acquisition .  ⁇ n the aim of this paper is to build up a syntactic network in order to study syntax with modern methods of complex network theory .  ⁇ n the process is neither standard neither straightforward nor standard neither straightforward and deserves to be well described .  ⁇ n the process is neither straightforward nor standard neither straightforward and deserves to be well described .  ⁇ n the process is neither straightforward nor standard neither straightforward and deserves to be well described .  ⁇ n the process is neither straightforward nor standard neither straightforward and deserves to be well described .  ⁇ n the process is neither straightforward nor standard neither straightforward and deserves to be well described .  ⁇ n the process is neither straightforward nor standard neither straightforward and deserves to be well described .  ⁇ n the process is neither straightforward nor standard neither straightforward and deserves to be well described .  ⁇ n the process is neither straightforward nor standard neither straightforward and deserves to be well described .  ⁇ n the process is neither straightforward nor standard neither straightforward and deserves to be well described .  ⁇ n the process is neither straightforward nor standard neither straightforward and deserves to be well described .  ⁇ n
b' we calculate the strong radiative corrections to the process @xmath0 at the tevatron .  ⁇ n the results indicate that the next - to - leading order corrections to the background are significant .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the effect of capacitively coupled flux flow oscillators ( ffos ) on the performance of the system .  ⁇ 
b' we present coarse - grained kinetic monte carlo simulations of anisotropic nucleation in flowing polymers .  ⁇ n we compute the transient chain configurations of the uncrystallized chains using a recent molecular flow model that reliably predicts both neutron scattering and bulk stresses .  ⁇ n our simulations predict both enhanced nucleation and elongated shish nuclei .  ⁇ n our simulations predict both enhanced nucleation and elongated shish nuclei . '
b' we present a theoretical study of the regge trajectory of a meson in the light and heavy quark sector .  ⁇ n we employ the rainbow - ladder approach , a widely used truncation that preserves the chiral nature of the pion .  ⁇ 
b' we study the quantum dynamics of a pair of hard disks of finite size in a circular cavity .  ⁇ n the system is nonintegrable and chaotic due to the short - range interaction between the disks .  ⁇ n the tunable control parameter of the system is an aspect ratio of the radii between each disk and the circular cavity .  ⁇ n the quantal equation of states , i.e. , the volume @xmath0 dependence of the pressure at the wall boundary , is obtained from the derivative of parameter - dependent eigenvalues with respect to @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the van der waals peak appears due to the competition between the finite size of each disk and the quantum - mechanical correlation due to symmetrization of two - particle wavefunctions .  ⁇ n thus the quantum - mechanical correlations in the present system is expected to exhibit novel fluctuations unseen in ordinary quantum billiards that contain only a single particle or disk .  ⁇ n we evaluate expectation values for the distance between disks , which will elucidate 
b' we study the stability of radial modes in a partially - ionised layer of a star , assuming that the opacity bump is located at a precise radius inside the star .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a scheme for implementing a nearly deterministic bell measurement with linear optics and photon on - off measurements .  ⁇ n the logical qubit is defined as a greenberger - horne - zeilinger ( ghz ) type multiphoton entangled state .  ⁇ n it is shown that the logical bell states can be efficiently discriminated by performing a few times of standard bell measurements , where the number of photons in a logical qubit is the number of photons in a logical qubit .  ⁇ n the limited success probability of the standard bell measurement 1/2 is overcome by the fact that each of the four logical bell states is characterized by the number of contributions from two bell states of single photon qubits , that can be identified by the standard bell measurement performed on photon pairs .  ⁇ n as a result , the logical bell measurement fails only when none of the two bell states is a detectable bell state , resulting in a success probability that rapidly approaches unity as the number of photons increases .  ⁇ 
b' we develop the beyond - proximity - force approximation ( pfa ) for the plane - sphere geometry at finite temperature , with material properties described by either the perfect reflector , plasma or drude models .  ⁇ n we show that the interplay between temperature and material properties is drastically affected when the parallel - plate configuration is replaced by the plane - sphere geometry .  ⁇ n in particular , the factor of 2 between the two models reached at the limit of long distances between parallel plates is reduced to 3/2 for a plate and a sphere , and even less if small spheres are considered .  ⁇ n finally , we find that pfa underestimates the thermal contribution to the casimir force for the drude model at short distances , whereas it overestimates it at all distances for the perfect reflector and plasma models . '
b' we investigate random walks on the t - fractal ( t - graph ) .  ⁇ n we derive an exact formula for the mean first - passage time ( mfpt ) averaged all pairs of nodes , which characterizes the efficiency of random walks on the t - graph .  ⁇ n we show that the location of trap has no qualitative effect on the scaling for mfpt .  ⁇ n our analytical method can be applied to some other deterministic media , and that our results can lead to deeper insights into random walks on the t - graph . '
b' the @xmath0-meson form - factors are calculated in the light - front model , using the covariant feynman triangle - diagram for the + component of the current .  ⁇ n the covariant calculation corresponds to integrate directly the momentum loop in the standart variables in the four - dimensional phase - space , integrating in the four - dimensional phase - space analytically .  ⁇ n the non - covariant calculation , which corresponds to use a specific @xmath0-meson null - plane wave - function , is discussed .  ⁇ n the covariant calculation corresponds to integrate directly the momentum loop in the standart variables in the four - dimensional phase - space , integrating in the four - dimensional phase - space .  ⁇ n the non - covariant calculation , which corresponds to use a specific @xmath0-meson null - plane wave - function , is also discussed .  ⁇ n the covariant calculation corresponds to integrate directly the momentum loop in
b' we study the kinetics of nucleated linear self - assembly using the method of kinetic monte carlo .  ⁇ n we find that the kinetics of the nucleated linear self - assembly is dominated by a large number of pathways , i.e. , the addition and removal of monomers , scission and recombination , and secondary nucleation .  ⁇ n the kinetics of the nucleated linear self - assembly is dominated by a large number of pathways , i.e. , the nucleation of monomers , dimers , trimers , and so on .  ⁇ n the kinetics of the nucleated linear self - assembly is dominated by a large number of pathways , i.e. , a large number of pathways .  ⁇ n the kinetics of the nucleated linear self - assembly is dominated by a large number of pathways , i.e. , a large number of pathways .  ⁇ n the kinetics of the nu
b' we study the critical points and potentials in the multi - cut two - matrix models .  ⁇ n we explicitly construct the critical points and potentials in the multi - cut two - matrix models .  ⁇ 
b' speden is a computer program that reconstructs the electron density of a single particle from its diffraction pattern .  ⁇ n speden is of interest for three reasons : ( i ) it is a powerful tool for detecting defects in semiconductor structures , phase separation in alloys , nano - scale machines and laser fusion targets ; ( ii ) it is a valuable tool for detecting defects in semiconductor structures ; ( iii ) speden is a powerful tool for detecting defects in materials .  ⁇ n speden is a computer program that reconstructs the electron density of a single particle from its diffraction pattern .  ⁇ 
b' we introduce a new approach to the calculation of excited states of correlated fermions , based on the full configuration interaction quantum monte carlo ( fciqmc ) method .  ⁇ n the method is a projector quantum monte carlo method where the ground - state wave function is sampled by repeatedly projecting out higher energy states with an appropriate stochastically - sampled operator .  ⁇ n the sampling dynamic of the excited state is controlled by an annihilation step , making the sign problem controlled by an annihilation step .  ⁇ n the method is particularly simple , requiring only a single extra step compared to ground - state fciqmc , and very little code to implement in an existing fciqmc program .  ⁇ n we find that , perhaps surprisingly , the approach is not affected by a noticeable systematic bias in any of our investigations thus far , and therefore systematic improvement to exact results for many excited states is possible . '
b' we consider a discrete disordered medium that belongs to a class of random conductance models on the lattice @xmath0 with stationary and ergodic conductances on nearest - neighbor and unbounded - range connections .  ⁇ 
b' the presence of impulse noise in speech can significantly reduce the intelligibility of speech and degrade automatic speech recognition ( asr ) performance .  ⁇ n the wavelet transform is a multi - resolution analysis technique that utilizes the multi - resolution property of the wavelet transform to detect and suppress impulse noise at finer scales .  ⁇ n our experiment results show that the impulse noise is significantly suppressed without degrading the speech signal or introducing any audible artifacts . '
b' we use a simple , weighted , and penalized regression model to predict the outcome of mlb , nba , nfl , and nhl games .  ⁇ n we use data from the websites to estimate the score of each game , and we compare our predictions to a theoretically near - optimal indicator .  ⁇ n we demonstrate the performance of our model compared to this estimator .  ⁇ n furthermore , we show how it can be computed quickly using the woodbury matrix identity .  ⁇ n we also prove that our model beats a  ⁇  straw man . '' to compute the straw man prediction of a game , look at the past season s ranking and predict that the higher ranking team will win . '
b' we revisit and reformulate the problem of characterizing the quantumness of a system by introducing the notion of classical simulation .  ⁇ n we focus on the two qubit case , and present the results for three representative classes of entangled states .  ⁇ n we also present the results for spin coherent states . '
b' we present mid - infrared observations of a sample of 37 bright agn with 1.4 ghz flux densities greater than 2 mjy .  ⁇ n we use optical , x - ray and radio observations to search for evidence of nuclear accretion in a manner which is far less dependent on orientation .  ⁇ n we classify a radio source as either quasar  ⁇  q ' , obscured quasar  ⁇  oq ' , galaxy  ⁇  g ' , starburst  ⁇  sb ' , weak quasar  ⁇  wq ' or bl lac  ⁇  bl' .  ⁇ n we find that nuclear accretion is  ⁇  significant ' in objects that obey @
b' the formation and coalescence of supermassive black hole binaries is discussed .  ⁇ n the time scale for coalescence of supermassive black hole binaries is estimated .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed study of the formation of pillars in the eagle nebula .  ⁇ 
b' we consider a semiconductor double quantum dot coupled to a superconducting transmission line resonator .  ⁇ n we find that by driving a current through a suitably biased double dot , a population inversion can be created between the dot levels , which then may lead to a lasing state in the resonator .  ⁇ n this lasing state in the resonator correlates with the transport properties through the double dot system .  ⁇ n this property not only allows probing the lasing state via a current measurement , which may be easier to perform in an experiment , but also , because of the narrow resonance window , opens perspectives for applications for high resolution measurements . '
b' we present a generalization of the kinetic theory of parametric resonance in magnon gases .  ⁇ n the kinetic equations for the distribution functions are derived within the self - consistent time - dependent hartree - fock approximation .  ⁇ n we show that the kinetic equations for the order parameter dynamics are augmented by the gross - pitaevskii equation .  ⁇ n we discuss the experimental situation in which the magnons in yttrium - iron garnet crystals are prepared in a microwave field .  ⁇ n we discuss the experimental situation in which the magnons in yttrium - iron garnet crystals are prepared in a microwave field .  ⁇ n we also discuss the possibility of observing a new coherence effect of magnons in yttrium - iron garnet crystals under the influence of an external microwave field . '
b' we present a spectral analysis of the optical counterpart to the be / x - ray transient a0535 + 26 .  ⁇ n the spectral analysis is based on the 31.6 lines / mm echelle spectrum obtained with the william herschel telescope .  ⁇ n the spectral analysis is based on a model of a quasi - keplerian disc , with a radial outflow velocity of @
b' we study the existence of multiply de sitter space solutions in several realistic models of modified gravity .  ⁇ n we show that the existence of multiply de sitter solutions plays a fundamental role in modified gravity because it permits to describe the inflation stage as well as current @xmath0cdm cosmology in terms of this theory alone without any need for either fine - tuning of a cosmological constant or any fine - tuning of a cosmological constant .  ⁇ 
b' the hyperspherical functions are used to construct the densities of the neutron rich nuclei near the neutron drip line .  ⁇ n the symmetries of the nuclear structure are properly taken into account .  ⁇ n the radial wave functions are expanded in the translationally invariant many body harmonic oscillator functions .  ⁇ n the mean - square radii and density distributions are reproduced better than the experimentally observed ones .  ⁇ n the results are then used in monte carlo simulations of nucleon - nucleon collisions .  ⁇ n the results are in reasonable agreement with the experimental data . '
b' we present a detailed analysis of the optical and x - ray afterglow of the gamma - ray burst of 28 february 1997 .  ⁇ 
b' we present a theoretical hr diagram that describes the location of the cepheid instability strip in the galactic plane .  ⁇ n the diagram is a theoretical hr diagram that depicts the location of the instability strip according to the parameters derived for milky way cepheids , along with geneva evolutionary tracks for 4 , 5 , 7 , and 10 @xmath0 .  ⁇ 
b' we performed simultaneous measurements of the streamwise and transverse velocities in isotropic turbulence with a range of the reynolds number , re@xmath0330 .  ⁇ n the data were obtained in two wind tunnels of meteorological research institute .  ⁇ n a model for a vortex tube was developed .  ⁇ n the pattern of intermittency is found to be consistent with the velocity profiles expected for the model tube .  ⁇ n the statistics of velocity increments are used to study the energetical importance of vortex tubes as a function of the scale .  ⁇ n the results are compared with those of direct numerical simulations and bubble / cavitation visualization experiments . '
b' in this article , we propose a new four parameter distribution , referred to as the blfr distribution , which contains as special sub - models : beta exponential ( be ) , beta rayleigh ( br ) , generalized linear failure rate ( glfr ) and linear failure rate ( lfr ) distributions , among others .  ⁇ n the main reasons for introducing blfr distribution are : ( i ) the additional parameters introduced by the beta generalization is sought as a means to furnish a more flexible distribution .  ⁇ n ( ii ) some modeling phenomenon with non - monotone failure rates such as the bathtub - shaped and unimodal failure rates , which are common in reliability and biological studies , take a reasonable parametric fit with this distribution .  ⁇ n ( iii ) blfr distribution is expected to have immediate application in reliability and survival studies .  ⁇ n ( iv ) blfr distribution shows better fitting , more flexible in shape and easier to perform and
b' we study the low energy properties of heavy fermion materials using the continuous time quantum monte carlo method .  ⁇ n we consider a kondo lattice model ( klm ) with a kondo impurity ( coqblin schrieffer impurity ) and a kondo impurity ( klm ) .  ⁇ 
b' the * ka*rlsruhe * tri*tium * n*eutrino ( katrin ) experiment is a new experiment aiming to determine the absolute neutrino mass by measuring the endpoint region of the electron energy spectrum from tritium ( @xmath0 ) .  ⁇ n the katrin experiment will use a strong gaseous molecular tritium source and an electrostatic filter of unprecedented energy resolution ( @xmath1 ) .  ⁇ n the expected sensitivity for the neutrino mass will be @xmath2 after three years of measurement .  ⁇ n katrin will use the techniques developed in mainz and troitsk experiments with different tritium sources , providing the most stringent , model - independent limits on the neutrino mass so far . '
b' we investigate the optimal relative parameter estimation for a rotational degree of freedom given a pair of spin systems .  ⁇ n we show that any such _ local _ scheme , performed using only local operations and classical communication ( locc ) , can not be optimal ; the ability to perform _ joint _ measurements is necessary to achieve the optimum .  ⁇ n we also prove that the optimal measurement for estimating a relative angle can be chosen to be rotationally - invariant , demonstrating that an external reference frame is not required .  ⁇ n we investigate the information gain that can be achieved as different aspects of the estimation task are varied , such as the prior over the relative angle or the magnitude of the spins .  ⁇ n we also show that the need for joint measurements disappears in this limit .  ⁇ n these results contribute to our understanding of how collective degrees of freedom , which are defined with respect to a classical reference frame , can be treated as relative ones between quantized systems . '
b' the non - relativistic born - oppenheimer approximation is used to derive the basic equations of the hartree and hartree - fock approximations .  ⁇ n the variational method that underlies the derivation of the roothaan - hall equations is introduced .  ⁇ n the main issues related to the construction and selection of gaussian basis sets are discussed , and , finally , the hottest areas of modern research are briefly reviewed and linked to the issues in the rest of the work . '
b' we study a class of left - right symmetric models where one can have light right handed neutrinos in the ev - kev range even with order one yukawa couplings .  ⁇ n we find that the right handed neutrinos can be generated from type i seesaw mechanism if the dirac neutrino yukawa couplings are fine tuned to @xmath0 .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a new approach to the description of strong electron correlation effects in quantum chemistry .  ⁇ n the idea originates from condensed matter physics where strongly correlated electrons are usually described with model hamiltonians rather than the true physical one .  ⁇ n the idea originates from condensed matter physics where strongly correlated electrons are usually described with model hamiltonians rather than the true physical one .  ⁇ 
b' we study the role of non - collective excitations in the reaction process of heavy - ion reactions .  ⁇ n we use a random - matrix model for the collective excitations of the zr isotopes , and a phenomenological model for the non - collective excitations of the zr isotopes .  ⁇ n we find that the non - collective excitations of the zr isotopes are able to reproduce the experimental barrier distributions for the @xmath0ne + @xmath1zr system .  ⁇ n we also find that the non - collective excitations of the zr isotopes are able to reproduce the experimental barrier distributions for the @xmath0ne + @xmath1zr system . '
b' we study the problem of sensitivity loss due to discretization of parameters and to the needs to limit the computing cost , with hough procedures .  ⁇ n in particular , we propose and study the characteristics of a frequency hough procedure , designed mainly to reduce the discretization problem , and we compare it with the sky hough procedure , which is actually used in the virgo collaboration .  ⁇ n we show that the new frequency hough procedure is more efficient than the sky hough procedure , and that it is more efficient than the sky hough procedure .  ⁇ n we also study the amplitude losses due to digitization of the sky hough procedure .  ⁇ n we show that the new procedure is more efficient and more efficient than the sky hough procedure .  ⁇ 
b' looking at people ( lap ) is a challenging area of research that deals with the task of automatically recognizing and describing body parts , performing action / gesture recognition from still images or image sequences , often including multi - modal data sources .  ⁇ n we briefly review the events organized so far , which are not limited to challenges , but also include , workshops , special issues , and challenges in machine learning springer book series .  ⁇ n we also introduce the new chalearn lap platform , which contains all information and resources from previous and current events , including programs , papers , codes , and data , among others .  ⁇ n finally , we discuss about near future plans within chalearn lap series . '
b' we consider quantum communications ( qc ) with gaussian states .  ⁇ n we assume that a finite set of gaussian states has a special form of symmetry , called geometrically uniform symmetry ( gus ) .  ⁇ n a constellation having the gus is generated starting from a single reference state through a unitary operator , called _  ⁇ n the gus_. we prove that the most general gaussian unitary is given by a cascade combination of a squeezing , a displacement , and a rotation .  ⁇ n finally we prove that , starting from an arbitrary @xmath0-mode gaussian state , we can generate a gus constellation , where the symmetry operator is provided by the rotation operator with an appropriate amount of rotation .  ⁇ n this is the most important of which is given by the square - root measurements ( srm ) , introduced by hausladen _ at al .  ⁇ n _ and subsequently developed as least square measurement ( 
b' we present a detailed investigation of the m1.0 non - eruptive solar flare on 12 june , 2014 .  ⁇ 
b' we present _ chandra _ observations of the gravitational lenses b1600 + 434 and b1608 + 656 .  ⁇ n we find that the x - ray emission from the intracluster gas is dominated by a luminous group or cluster .  ⁇ 
b' we review recent advances in the field of coherent caloritronics .  ⁇ n we focus on the study of the _ heat _ current flowing through a thermally - biased josephson junction .  ⁇ n we discuss the general model used to derive the behavior of the _ heat _ current flowing through the junction .  ⁇ n we discuss the realization of a superconducting heat interferometer and the realization of a double - loop heat modulator .  ⁇ n we also discuss the realization of a double - loop heat modulator .  ⁇ n finally , we discuss the remarkable heat rectification properties of nis and sis junctions .  ⁇ n this review is enriched with realistic calculations showing the achieved modulation of the electronic temperature of a normal metal electrode placed nearby each of the aforementioned structures . '
b' we calculate the exchange couplings @xmath0 between mn ions in ii - vi semiconductors using three itinerant - electron approaches : ( i ) the generalized - gradient approximation ( gga ) to density - functional theory ( dft ) , ( ii ) gga+@xmath0 as implemented in the fleur package , and ( iii ) gga+gutzwiller for a suitable two - ion hubbard model .  ⁇ n we confirm that @xmath1 and find a reasonable agreement with measured values for cd(mn)te , zn(mn)te , zn(mn)se , and zn(mn)s .  ⁇ n furthermore , our analysis shows that the filling of the mn @xmath4-shell is not integer which challenges the notion of mn ions carrying a spin @xmath5 .  ⁇ n we study 
b' we study the current fluctuation in electron transport through a single - molecule magnet ( smm ) with finite coulomb energy @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the current fluctuation is analyzed by the full counting statistics ( fcs ) method .  ⁇ n the fcs method yields not only shot - noise power but also all the statistical cumulants of the number of transferred charges .  ⁇ 
b' we present the first large - eddy simulations of the collapse of protostellar disks in minihaloes .  ⁇ n we use a modified version of the adaptive mesh refinement code enzo to study the impact of subgrid - scale turbulence on the formation of the first stars .  ⁇ n we employ a fixed jeans resolution of 64 cells per jeans length throughout the evolution of the simulations and follow the collapse down to the scale of 0.1 au for 40 years using the adaptive mesh technique .  ⁇ n we find that the fragmentation of the protostellar disk is dominated by the formation of the first peak .  ⁇ n the fragmentation of the first peak is dominated by the formation of multiple clumps .  ⁇ n the fragmentation of the first peak is dominated by the formation of a single clump .  ⁇ n the fragmentation of the first peak is dominated by the formation of a binary .  ⁇ n the fragmentation of the first peak is dominated by the formation of a binary .  ⁇ n the fragmentation of the first peak is dominated
b' we study the drell - yan process with one of the hadrons being the transversally polarized nucleon .  ⁇ n we show that the qed gauge invariance , the causality and gluonic pole contributions are necessary to restore the gauge invariance of the transverse polarized drell - yan hadron tensor .  ⁇ 
b' we discuss the possibility that space - time defects can be observable in the framework of a phenomenological model of quantum gravity .  ⁇ n we summarize the constraints on the prevalence of space - time defects that can be derived from observation .  ⁇ n we then discuss which steps can be taken to improve the model so that the constraints touch on the interesting parameter range .  ⁇ n pacs numbers : 04.20.-q , 04.20.dw , 04.20.dw '
b' i consider a model of quantum gravity in which the vertices and edges of a graph form a network with the topology of discrete space - time .  ⁇ n the model is a generalization of kazakov s random lattice ising model .  ⁇ 
b' the effect of spin rotation and oscillation of particles of a gas target ( gas trap ) under the action of a beam of polarized particles is considered .  ⁇ n expressions for effective potential energy and the angle of spin rotation of particles in the trap are derived .  ⁇ n it is shown that the experiment can be reversed to study spin rotation and oscillation of particles of a gas target ( gas trap ) .  ⁇ 
b' the proton proton cross section is calculated in the glauber formalism .  ⁇ n the results are compared with and without mentioned simplifications .  ⁇ n it is shown that there is quite significant difference between them .  ⁇ 
b' we review the key results from numerical relativity simulations of black - hole mergers , focusing on the merger dynamics and the resulting gravitational waveforms .  ⁇ 
b' the mass and decay constant of the ground state strange tensor @xmath0 with quantum numbers @xmath1 are calculated in the framework of the qcd sum rules .  ⁇ n the numerical predictions for the mass and decay constant of the @xmath0 tensor meson are presented .  ⁇ n the results are compared with the experimental data .  ⁇ n pacs numbers : 11.30.hw , 12.38.bx , 12.38.bx '
b' we study the motion of an isolated magnetic skyrmion in a magnetic nanowire driven by spin waves travelling longitudinal and transverse to the wire .  ⁇ n we find that the skyrmion velocity - current relation is determined by an interplay of the magnonic driving and the repulsive potential arising from the edge of the wire .  ⁇ n for large magnon currents , however , the skyrmion is pushed into the driving layer , leading to a breakdown of the skyrmion velocity .  ⁇ n our results provide a guide for future experimental studies on skyrmion motion in confined geometries driven by magnonic spin - transfer torques .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a parallel orbital - updating based plane - wave basis method for solving the kohn - sham equation .  ⁇ n the solution of the eigenvalue problem is replaced by the solution of a series of independent source problems and some small scale eigenvalue problems .  ⁇ n because of the independence of the source problems , these source problems can be solved in parallel essentially .  ⁇ n therefore , our new methods allow for a two - level parallelization : one level of parallelization is obtained by partitioning these source problems into different groups of processors , another level of parallelization is obtained by assigning each source problem to several processors contained in each group .  ⁇ n this two - level parallelization makes our new methods more competitive for the large scale calculations . '
b' we study the effect of quantum - jump - based feedback control on a nuclear spin coupled to an electron spin .  ⁇ n we show that a markovian feedback based on quantum - jump can be used to suppress decoherence , generate entanglement and protect it .  ⁇ n the feedback control can also suppress decoherence and enhance entanglement between the nuclear and electron spins . '
b' i discuss the string duality symmetry , and its implications for the search for a unified theory of particle physics and gravity .  ⁇ 
b' we present a sample of 5 host galaxies of long gamma - ray bursts ( grbs ) , which is based on the sloan digital sky survey ( sdss ) .  ⁇ n the sample is based on the sdss dr7 spectroscopic data .  ⁇ n we find that the metallicity distribution of host galaxies is significantly biased towards low - metallicities compared with star forming galaxies at similar redshifts .  ⁇ n the metallicity distribution of host galaxies is significantly biased towards low - metallicities compared with star forming galaxies at similar redshifts , suggesting long grbs really occur in low - metallicity environment .  ⁇ n the metallicity distribution of host galaxies is significantly biased towards low - metallicity compared with star forming galaxies at similar redshifts , suggesting long grbs really occur in low - metallicity environment .  ⁇ n the metallicity distribution of host galaxies is significantly
b' a two - phase argon drift chamber with argon as a target is operated at the boiling point of the gran sasso laboratory .  ⁇ n the specific activity of @xmath0ar is determined by means of a spectroscopic analysis of the vuv light produced by ionizing events inside the liquid argon volume .  ⁇ n the results are compared with the predictions of a simple model .  ⁇ 
b' we study the parity of the pentaquark @xmath0 , which is a pure exotic member of an su(3 ) flavour antidecuplet .  ⁇ n we consider the case where the subsystem of four light quarks is in a state of orbital symmetry and carries an angular momentum @xmath1 .  ⁇ n we show that a stable or narrow positive parity pentaquark can be accommodated within such a model .  ⁇ n we also show that the parity of @xmath2 is a function of the angular momentum of the antiquark .  ⁇ n we also show that the parity of @xmath2 is a function of the angular momentum of the antiquark .  ⁇ n we also show that the parity of @xmath2 is a function of the angular momentum of the antiquark .  ⁇ n we also show that the parity of @xmath2 is a function of the angular momentum of the antiquark .  ⁇ 
b' we study the effect of large scale primordial magnetic fields on the matter power spectrum of the universe .  ⁇ n we use a semi - analytic approach to simulate the distribution of ly@xmath0 clouds in the intergalactic medium ( igm ) .  ⁇ n we compute effective ly@xmath0 opacity of the igm for this computed ly@xmath0 cloud distribution and compare our results with the existing data .  ⁇ n we find that the matter power spectrum induced by primordial magnetic fields dominates the matter power spectrum of the standard @xmath1cdm model at small scales .  ⁇ n we also find that the matter power spectrum induced by primordial magnetic fields can dominate the matter power spectrum of the standard @xmath1cdm model at small scales .  ⁇ n we also find that the matter power spectrum induced by primordial magnetic fields can be significantly enhanced by the presence of primordial magnetic fields .  ⁇ n we also find that the matter power spectrum induced by primordial magnetic fields can be enhanced by a factor of @xmat
b' we examine the way in which the leads permitting transport through an open quantum system ( a  ⁇  device  ⁇ ' ⁇ ' ) can be replaced by self - energy terms in a dyson s equation .  ⁇ n we show that the feuchtwang approach for the continuum can be repackaged so that leads are replaced exactly by simple self - energies .  ⁇ n we make two simple changes to feuchtwang s calculation : regrouping the dyson s equations to eliminate differential operators , and then using analytic continuation as provided by langreth s theorem .  ⁇ n the result is in our opinion pleasingly clear , and simplifies transport calculations of electronic devices .  ⁇ n we also show that the less - than self - energy @x
b' we study the effects of new physics on the processes @xmath0 , @xmath1 , and @xmath2 at a photon collider .  ⁇ n we consider manifestly su(2 ) @xmath4 u(1 ) invariant operators constructed from the appropriate field strength tensors , making no assumptions as to the underlying mechanism .  ⁇ n we show that the amplitudes vanish at tree level , and may therefore be quite sensitive to the effects of new physics .  ⁇ n in addition , the ability to polarize both the initial laser light and fermion beams allows the construction of observables which are sensitive only to these interference effects .  ⁇ n these properties , together with the experimental cleanliness of @xmath0 , @xmath1 , and @xmath2 scattering , suggest that these processes might provide powerful tools in searches for new physics .  ⁇ n we consider manifestly su(2 ) @xmath4 u(1 ) invariant operators constructed from the appropriate
b' we present rosseland and planck mean opacities for primordial matter including all the three elements ( hydrogen , helium , and lithium ) including deuterium isotope .  ⁇ n we find that the rosseland and planck mean opacities are significantly affected by the lithium content .  ⁇ n we also find that the opacity tables for lithium - free mixtures are very similar to those for pure hydrogen - helium mixtures .  ⁇ n we also find that the opacity tables for lithium - free mixtures are significantly different .  ⁇ n we also find that the opacity tables for lithium - free mixtures are significantly different .  ⁇ n we also find that the opacity tables for lithium - free mixtures are significantly different .  ⁇ n we also find that the opacity tables for lithium - free mixtures are significantly different .  ⁇ 
b' we present spectroscopic mapping of h@xmath0 emission from the waists of bipolar planetary nebulae ( pns ) .  ⁇ n we present h@xmath0 velocity maps of the planetary nebula rafgl 618 and the bipolar planetary nebula ngc 2346 .  ⁇ n the h@xmath0 emission regions are kinematically distinct , with the waists showing a broader h@
b' the physics of the hiawatha hated woodlands is reviewed .  ⁇ 
b' we study the phase transition from a fractionalized insulator to a conventionally ordered insulator in a frustrated ising model in a transverse field .  ⁇ n we show that the transition is a condensation of @xmath0-vortices ( visons ) .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the production of charmonia in nucleus - nucleus collisions at rhic and lhc energies within the statistical hadronization model .  ⁇ n we focus on the rapidity and transverse momentum dependence of @xmath0 and , for lhc energy , also @x
b' we show that the conductance @xmath0 through a single - level quantum dot , if the dot is symmetrically coupled to two leads , is enhanced by the single - channel kondo effect .  ⁇ n the conductance through a single - level quantum dot , if the dot is symmetrically coupled to two leads , is enhanced by a factor of @xmath1 .  ⁇ 
b' we introduce a variable word rate @xmath0-gram language model .  ⁇ n the model is based on a poisson process , and a continuous mixture of poissons .  ⁇ n the model is integrated with standard @xmath0-gram modelling that naturally involves discounting and smoothing schemes for practical use .  ⁇ n the approach demonstrates the reduction of perplexity up to 10% . '
b' we present a new approach to the problem of storing and sorting data on main memory .  ⁇ n the approach is based on sequential access to main memory .  ⁇ 
b' we study the azimuthal asymmetries of quark jet production in inclusive and semi - inclusive deep inelastic scatterings ( sidis ) .  ⁇ n we use the collinear expansion technique to calculate the azimuthal asymmetries of the final hadrons .  ⁇ 
b' we present a linear stability analysis of the structure of chandrasekhar mass white dwarf models prior to explosion .  ⁇ n we find that the @xmath0-mechanism is unstable , and that the instability leads to oscillations around the hydrostatic equilibrium configuration and periodic phases of expansion and contraction on a dynamical timescale @xmath1 .  ⁇ n the oscillations are described as acoustic modes .  ⁇ n we also discuss the possibility of acoustic modes excited if an excitation mechanism operates in regions where the amplitude of eigenfunctions is large . '
b' we investigate the non - markovian optimal control problem of a qubit coupled to a non - markovian heat bath .  ⁇ n the non - markovian master equation is in the form of a time - ordered non - commuting integro - differential equation .  ⁇ 
b' we present spectroscopic observations of the radio galaxies in the 7c i and 7c ii regions .  ⁇ n the spectroscopic data are complemented with a spectroscopic redshift analysis of the quasars and broad - lined radio galaxies .  ⁇ n the spectroscopic redshifts of the 7c i and 7c ii regions are derived .  ⁇ 
b' we present the most recent results on deeply virtual compton scattering ( dvcs ) from the desy @xmath0 collider at hera .  ⁇ 
b' we present a numerical study of the one - loop matching coefficients for the pion spectrum of staggered fermions .  ⁇ n we find that the matching coefficients for the pion spectrum are significantly reduced by using fat links .  ⁇ n we also find that the one - loop matching coefficients for the pion spectrum are significantly reduced by using a hyp link .  ⁇ n we also find that the one - loop matching coefficients for the pion spectrum are significantly reduced by using a hyp link .  ⁇ n we also find that the one - loop matching coefficients for the pion spectrum are significantly reduced by using a hyp link .  ⁇ n we also find that the one - loop matching coefficients for the pion spectrum are significantly reduced by using a hyp link .  ⁇ n we also find that the one - loop matching coefficients for the pion spectrum are significantly reduced by using a hyp link .  ⁇ n we also find that the one - loop matching coefficients for the pion spectrum are significantly reduced by using a hyp link .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a deep multi - color imaging survey in the @xmath0 , @xmath1 , @xmath2 , and @xmath3 bands for a sub - area of the red - sequence cluster survey ( rcs ) .  ⁇ n the four color photometry ( @xmath0 , @xmath1 , @xmath2 , and @xmath3 ) allows us to cover a relatively large sub - area ( 33.6 deg@xmath4 ) which covers a large cosmological volume for galaxies up to redshift @xmath5 1.5 .  ⁇ n the four - color photometry allows us to cover a relatively large sub - area ( 33.6 deg@xmath4 ) which covers a large cosmological volume for galaxies up to redshift @xmath6 1.5 .  ⁇ n this sub - area overlaps with the canadian network for observational cosmology ( cnoc2 ) field galaxy redshift survey 
b' we study the energetics of excess disclinations in a nematic liquid crystal film placed on a gaussian bump .  ⁇ n it is found that disclinations with a @xmath0 charge prefer positioning at inflection points of the bump , implying the formation of a halo , i.e. , an annulus distribution of excess disclinations around the top of the bump .  ⁇ n in addition , disclinations with a @xmath1 charge are found to exhibit double concentric halo structures , provided the bump height is relatively large .  ⁇ n these halo formations are consequences of the non - trivial coupling between the disclination energies and the surface curvature modulation . '
b' the dynamics of three particles on a ring with soft interacting walls is studied .  ⁇ n a general scaled hamiltonian is derived which describes the transition from soft to hard interactions .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new model of charge transfer for a diatomic molecule .  ⁇ n the model is based on a 3-state model with integer charge resonances representing the states of the ensemble for each atom .  ⁇ 
b' we perform a joint analysis of the cosmic microwave background ( cmb ) and the wilkinson microwave anisotropy probe ( wmap ) data , constraining the hubble expansion rate of the universe .  ⁇ 
b' we study the parametrically driven ginzburg - landau equation with nonzero diffusion coefficient @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we show that the parametric driver can be regarded as a damped nonlinear schrdinger equation with a nonzero diffusion coefficient .  ⁇ 
b' we present a road - map to describe the noise spectrum of nanodevices .  ⁇ n the path - map is based on the characterization of the noise sources on the basis of their effects instead of on their nature .  ⁇ n the required information may in fact depend on the specific protocol used .  ⁇ n this program is meaningful for quantum information where relevant time scales are much smaller than the decoherence time .  ⁇ n this means that in the generic favorable situation coupling with the environment has simple effects on the system dynamics .  ⁇ n this means that in the generic favorable situation coupling with the environment has simple effects on the system dynamics .  ⁇ n this means that in the generic favorable situation coupling with the environment has simple effects on the system dynamics .  ⁇ n this means that in the generic favorable situation coupling with the environment has simple effects on the system dynamics .  ⁇ n this means that in the generic favorable situation coupling with the environment has simple effects on the system dynamics .  ⁇ n this means that in the generic favorable situation coupling with the environment has simple effects on the system dynamics .  ⁇ n this means
b' we study secondary electron emission ( sey ) of a velvet surface .  ⁇ n we show that the sey of a velvet surface can be reduced by a factor of a few compared to that of a single velvet surface .  ⁇ n we also show that the sey of a velvet surface can be reduced by a factor of a few .  ⁇ n we also show that the sey of a velvet surface can be reduced by a factor of a few .  ⁇ n we also show that the sey of a velvet surface can be reduced by a factor of a few . ' mississajous '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '
b' the resonant spin - flavour precession ( rsfp ) of solar neutrinos is assumed to be responsible for the solar neutrino deficit .  ⁇ n the rsfp scenario is based on the presence of non - zero neutrino transition magnetic moment interaction with the transverse solar magnetic field along the neutrino trajectory .  ⁇ n the rsfp explains the general shape of probability and the corresponding shape of the magnetic field profile .  ⁇ n the rsfp scenario is based on the presence of non - zero neutrino transition magnetic moment interaction with the transverse solar magnetic field along the neutrino trajectory .  ⁇ n the rsfp scenario is based on the presence of non - zero neutrino transition magnetic moment interaction with the transverse solar magnetic field along the neutrino trajectory .  ⁇ n the rsfp scenario is based on the rsfp scenario .  ⁇ n the rsfp scenario is based on the rsfp scenario .  ⁇ n the rsf
b' we investigate the quantum spin hall effect in a topological insulator with a time - reversal symmetry .  ⁇ n we find that the spin pumping rate is proportional to the chern number , which is a topological invariant underlying the integer quantum hall effect .  ⁇ 
b' we present a stochastic approach to the evolution of a single realisation of the field of a bose - einstein condensate .  ⁇ 
b' this research is devoted to finding the optimal location of the bus stops in jakarta region .  ⁇ n the data obtained during the survey are used to find the optimal location of the bus stops .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the phenomenological implications of parallel hybrid texture structures of both the charged lepton and the neutrino mass matrices in a nondiagonal basis assuming the charged lepton mass matrices to be hermitian .  ⁇ n we find that there exist a rather large number of possible hybrid textures with one texture zero and one equality between mass matrix elements .  ⁇ n however , these sixty hybrid textures can be grouped into twelve classes such that all the hybrid textures belonging to a particular class have the same physical implications .  ⁇ n we examine the phenomenological implications of all the twelve classes of neutrino mass matrices .  ⁇ n we find that the phenomenological implications of all the twelve classes of neutrino mass matrices are quite different from those of the diagonal charged lepton mass matrices .  ⁇ n we also find that the phenomenological implications of the twelve classes of neutrino mass matrices are quite different from those of the diagonal charged lepton mass matrices . '
b' we study the contact process in the conservative version of the standard contact process .  ⁇ 
b' we compute the correlation energy of the hall crystal at filling factor 1/8 using the yoshioka - lee method .  ⁇ n the yl method is used to compute the second order perturbation correction to the hartree - fock solution .  ⁇ n the results are compared with those obtained for the wigner solid state .  ⁇ 
b' we propose to cool and measure the 3d motion of a nanosphere by tem00 , tem01 , and tem10 modes of a single cavity .  ⁇ n we show that each one of these three modes can be coupled to the motion of a trapped nanosphere in each dimension respectively .  ⁇ n thus they can be used to cool and measure the 3d motion of a nanosphere .  ⁇ n the mass of the molecules and the surface temperature of the nanosphere may also be measured at the same time . '
b' we present a new model for the cosmic ray ( cr ) propagation in the galaxy , based on a kraichnan - like turbulence .  ⁇ 
b' we study the phase diagram of the half filled holstein - hubbard model within the dynamical mean field theory .  ⁇ n we find that the metallic phase is a fermi liquid , while the bipolaronic phase is a fermi liquid .  ⁇ 
b' we present monte carlo simulations of the dynamics of a large number of aligned carbon nanotubes ( cnts ) as the target of a directional dark matter detector .  ⁇ n we show that , in the case of channeling conditions , the ion extracted from the cnt surface is allowed to penetrate the cnt and to propagate through multiple collisions within the cnt empty volume .  ⁇ n we also show that , for a large number of cnts , the ion momentum distribution is a combination of broken lines .  ⁇ n we show that , for a large number of cnts , the ion momentum distribution is a combination of a combination of broken lines .  ⁇ n we also show that , for a large number of cnts , the ion momentum distribution is a combination of a single broken line and a single broken line .  ⁇ n we also show that , for a large number of cnts , the ion
b' the coherent light scattering by two - level polar molecules at multiphoton resonant excitation in the field of a moderately strong laser radiation is investigated .  ⁇ n it is shown that the study of this process is important for efficient population transfer , generation of moderately high harmonics , as well as for generation of low - frequency radiation , specifically , for realization of intense smoothly tunable terahertz radiation sources .  ⁇ n a simple analytic expression for the time - dependent mean dipole moment , taking into account the dynamic stark shifts , is obtained .  ⁇ n it is shown that the study of this process is important for efficient population transfer , generation of moderately high harmonics , as well as for generation of low - frequency radiation , specifically , for realization of intense smoothly tunable terahertz radiation sources . '
b' we introduce a simple model of growing networks with addition and deletion of nodes .  ⁇ n when a node is added to the network , it is attached to a randomly selected existing node .  ⁇ n when a node is deleted , its daughters are attached to its parent .  ⁇ n we first investigate the in - component size distribution and show that this quantity obeys a closed evolution equation .  ⁇ n we then obtain closed equations for the height distribution that characterizes the distance between a node and the root .  ⁇ n this distribution obeys poisson statistics .  ⁇ n other structural characteristics such as the diameter of the network and the degree of the most connected node follow directly from this quantity .  ⁇ n in general , deletion leads to a condensation phenomenon where a single node is connected to a finite fraction of all nodes , while the rest of the nodes have only a finite degree .  ⁇ n in contrast with preferential attachment networks , deletion leads to a condensation phenomenon where a single node is connected to a finite fraction of all nodes
b' we discuss the current constraints on the sound speed of dark energy , @xmath0 and @xmath1 .  ⁇ n we also discuss possible future constraints on the sound speed from observations of the cosmic microwave background , large scale structure , and weak lensing . '
b' we study the cp - violating effects on the lepton mixing .  ⁇ n we show that the cp - violating effects on the lepton mixing can be induced by imposing a cp - symmetry .  ⁇ n we also investigate the effect of cp - symmetry on the lepton mixing .  ⁇ n we find that the cp - symmetry - induced effects on the lepton mixing can be systematically enhanced .  ⁇ n we also discuss the implications of the cp - symmetry - induced effects on the lepton mixing . ' mississauga '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '
b' we study the matched filtering of gravitational waves from inspiraling compact binaries .  ⁇ n we show that the matched filtering method can be applied to a wide range of sources , and that the resulting signal - to - noise ratio is a good measure of the template imperfection .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a search for voids in the local group .  ⁇ n the volume limited sample is complete for galaxies with abs. magnitudes @
b' we present a new method for correcting for scatter in the mass - observable relation used to infer cluster mass from a proxy observable .  ⁇ 
b' we introduce a quasi - deterministic model of the analysis process , accumulating the distributions one particle or particle pair at a time .  ⁇ n this model involves an independent stochastic variable in each analyzer , and a deterministic criterion for selecting the polarization eigenchannel in the analyzer .  ⁇ n we use this model in detailed calculations to explain the law of malus for in - sequence photon counting , as well as photon - photon correlations measurements of aspect et al .  ⁇ n . '
b' i have used an artificial neural network to perform an extrapolation of the rate coefficients for the rotational excitation of asymmetric molecules in collisions with h@xmath0 .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the concurrence and the block - block entanglement in a two - legged @xmath0 spin ladder with additional four - spin ring exchange .  ⁇ n we show that the concurrence and the block - block entanglement are exactly maximal or minimal at a quantum phase transition point .  ⁇ n we also show that the scaling behavior and some extremal point in the block - block entanglement can be used as a marker of quantum phase transitions .  ⁇ n pacs numbers : 03.65.ud , 05.30.-a , 75.10.-a '
b' the pairing of massless dirac electrons and holes located on opposite surfaces of thin film of three - dimensional topological insulator is considered .  ⁇ n the critical temperature and the second critical magnetic field are calculated .  ⁇ n the results are compared with the results of bcs theory .  ⁇ 
b' derived predicates can be expressed in modeling languages such as pddl and formalisms such as sas+. derived predicates can be expressed as logic programs with negation - as - failure semantics , which encode logical rules defining how the derived predicates follow from basic variables .  ⁇ n pddl has supported axioms which specify derived predicates as a logic program with negation - as - failure semantics .  ⁇ n previous work on derived predicates and axioms has focused on the advantages of expressivity ( compactness ) of domain modeling using axioms , as well as forward state - space search algorithms which are aware of axioms .  ⁇ n we propose two axiom - aware planners called asplan and iplan , which are based on answer set programming ( asp ) and integer programming ( ip ) respectively , and show that additional expressivity of axioms help model - based planners as well .  ⁇ 
b' we study the multifractal characteristics of multifractal time series and the multifractal multifractals .  ⁇ n we consider both the mathematical multifractals and the multifractal time series coming from real - world observables or generated by a computer .  ⁇ n we consider both the mathematical multifractals and the multifractal time series coming from real - world observables or generated by a computer .  ⁇ n we consider both the mathematical multifractals and the multifractal time series coming from real - world observable
b' we compute the area law of the fractional quantum hall states in two dimensions , using the exact diagonalization of the laughlin wave function .  ⁇ 
b' a brief overview of the red supergiant population is given .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new method to compute the free energy of binding for a dna - binding protein .  ⁇ 
b' we study the sznajd model with synchronous updating in a one - dimensional lattice .  ⁇ n the system is simulated by a random sequential updating mechanism .  ⁇ n the consensus - finding process is simulated by a sznajd model with a continuous spectrum of opinions between 0 and 1 .  ⁇ 
b' in this paper , we propose a novel non - coherent scheme for ultra - wideband ( uwb ) systems , named as differential transmission reference ( dtr ) scheme ( dtr ) , which is able to double the data rate , reduce the inter - symbol interference ( isi ) and obtain a 3 db gain in signal - to - noise ratio ( snr ) .  ⁇ 
b' we study the effect of a nanomechanical resonator linearly coupled to a normal state set on the mechanical response of a nanomechanical resonator when it is driven close to resonance .  ⁇ n we find that the resonator exhibits a non - linear response as a function of frequency , which is characterized by a non - gaussian probability distribution .  ⁇ n we describe the effect of the set in terms of a simple model which includes damping and frequency renormalization terms which are both amplitude dependent .  ⁇ n we find that for drives above a certain threshold the mechanical response becomes strongly non - linear and the system displays many of the characteristics of the duffing oscillator : frequency pulling , a strongly asymmetric line shape , hysteresis and bistability .  ⁇ n exploiting the fact that the underlying electro - mechanical coupling is very weak , we describe the effect of the set on the resonator in terms of a simple model which includes damping and frequency renormalization terms which are both
b' we present the results of a spectroscopic study of the caltech faint galaxy redshift survey ( cfgrs ) .  ⁇ n the cfgrs is working on two fields .  ⁇ n the first field at j005325 + 1234 is a field of @xmath0 arcmin@xmath1 .  ⁇ n the second field is the hdf - north .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate formation and evolution of galaxy clusters in early universe using cosmological simulation .  ⁇ n we find that the number density of ly@
b' we present the results of a rxte monitoring campaign of the cygnus x-1 .  ⁇ n we find that the rms - flux - relation in the soft states of 1996 and 2001/2002 changes continuously between waviness and approximate linearity .  ⁇ n we also find that the rms - flux - relation in the soft states of 1996 and 2001/2002 is not as prominent as in the hard states of 1999 dec 05 and 2000 nov 03 .  ⁇ n we suggest that the rms - flux - relation of cyg x-1 is a modified version of the gbhc theory . '
b' we derive relations between the luminosity function ( lf ) of star - forming galaxies and the schechter function and the log - normal lf .  ⁇ n we show that the schechter function and the log - normal lf are the most appropriate initial lfs for the sample of star - forming galaxies .  ⁇ n we also show that the schechter function and the log - normal lfs are the most appropriate initial lfs for the sample of star - forming galaxies .  ⁇ n we also show that the schechter function and the log - normal lfs are the most appropriate initial lfs for the sample of star - forming galaxies . '
b' we present a next - to - next - to - leading logarithmic calculation of the drell - yan rapidity distribution in the kinematical region @
b' we present a new method for calculating comptonization spectra in accretion flows .  ⁇ n the method is based on the solution of the energy - dependent radiative transfer equation , which is derived by a combination of a monte carlo method and a solution of the fluid dynamics .  ⁇ 
b' we compute the finite - size corrections to the free energy , internal energy and specific heat of the critical ising model on a square lattice with toroidal boundary conditions .  ⁇ n the results are obtained by using the kronecker s double series .  ⁇ n the results are compared with the exact results of ferdinand and fisher .  ⁇ n we find that the finite - size corrections to the internal energy and specific heat are larger than the free energy and the internal energy .  ⁇ n the finite - size corrections to the specific heat and the internal energy are larger than the free energy and the internal energy .  ⁇ n the finite - size corrections to the internal energy and the specific heat are larger than the free energy and the internal energy .  ⁇ n the finite - size corrections to the specific heat and the internal energy are larger than the free energy and the internal energy .  ⁇ n the finite - size corrections to the specific heat and the internal energy are larger than the free energy and the internal energy .  ⁇ n the finite - size
b' we present a self - similar spherical collapse model for the outer profiles of dark matter halos in a @xmath0cdm universe .  ⁇ n the self - similar spherical collapse model is extended to a @xmath1cdm universe by relaxing the self - similarity ansatz while keeping its feature of computing halo profile and halo profile in a consistent manner .  ⁇ n we find that the outer profiles of dark matter halos are well described by an nfw profile with the slope @xmath2 , and the slope @xmath3 .  ⁇ n the slope @xmath4 is found to be @xmath5 , which is consistent with the predictions of the self - similar spherical collapse model .  ⁇ n the slope @xmath6 is found to be @xmath7 .  ⁇ n the slope @xmath8 is found to be @xmath9 .  ⁇ n the slope @xmath10 is found to be @xmath11 .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed sph simulation of the accretion flow in the ultracompact binary systems v407 vul and hm cnc .  ⁇ n we find that the accretion stream ram pressure is high enough for the specific kinetic energy of the flow to be advected and thermalized below the photosphere of the primary , such that it can be emitted  ⁇  downstream '' of the impact point in the equatorial flow that should develop .  ⁇ n we discuss the physical nature of that accretion - driven flow and suggest the general features of any plausible photospheric temperature distribution that should result .  ⁇ n we also discuss the implications of the accretion - driven flow for the hm cnc and v407 vul systems . '
b' blind quantum computation ( bqc ) is a kind of secure computation protocol involving two roles , where the client has the data and the algorithm , and the server has a quantum computer .  ⁇ n bqc protocol should have the properties of blindness , correctness and verifiability .  ⁇ n the client can only know the data , the algorithm and the result ; the correctness means that the client can obtain the correct outcome after the protocol is finished ; the verifiability means that the client can check whether the server performs the computation following his instructions .  ⁇ n if the client is limited to only be able to carry out classical computation , we have to increase the number of the servers and devise the multi - server bqc protocols .  ⁇ n we review and analyze the main multi - server bqc protocols , and devise a double - server bqc protocol with completely classical client , where the two servers are allowed to communicate mutually .  ⁇ n in our protocol , the trusted center should prepare bell states and send them to the servers 
b' this article presents a simple way to obtain the optimal state estimation of a single qubit .  ⁇ n the results show that , for any figure of merit , the guessing - probability has the same form , @xmath0 .  ⁇ n this result actually confirms the suggestion in refs .  ⁇ n @xcite that the optimal measurements are the same for any figure of merit . '
b' hot molecular cores are small ( @xmath00.1 pc ) pockets of warm ( @xmath1 k ) dense ( @xmath2 @xmath3 ) molecular gas , which show very rich submillimeter spectra .  ⁇ n this definition includes both internally and externally heated clumps , but the focus of this review is on the case of internal heating by young high - mass stars , which form the majority
b' we present the serendipitous extragalactic x - ray source identification ( sexsi ) program , a large - area ( @xmath0 deg@
b' we present a new method for estimating the star formation rate ( sfr ) of the universe .  ⁇ 
b' quantum turbulence ( qt ) is a fascinating phenomenon in nature .  ⁇ n it is a complex dynamical phenomenon , and has been studied in many fields .  ⁇ n qt is a simple model of turbulence , and has a simpler model of turbulence than classical turbulence .  ⁇ n this article addresses recent developments in quantum fluid dynamics and qt in superfluid helium and atomic bose - einstein condensates .  ⁇ n the quantized vortices are a stable topological defect with quantized circulation .  ⁇ n quantized vortices give rise to qt .  ⁇ n the quantized vortices are well defined as elements composing a turbulent flow .  ⁇ n qt is expected to be an easier system to study than classical turbulence and has a simpler model of turbulence .  ⁇ n this article addresses recent developments in quantum fluid dynamics and qt in superfluid helium and atomic bose - einstein con
b' we present a new model to explain the origin of low frequency quasi - periodic oscillations ( lfqpos ) observed in x - rays emitted from stellar mass black holes .  ⁇ n the model is based on the accretion - ejection instability ( aei ) and the bremsstrahlung type cooling time scales in the post - shock region of the advection flow .  ⁇ 
b' i propose a method for generating a hybrid quantum annealing algorithm ( qaa ) based on a single annealer .  ⁇ n the qaa is usually formulated as a superposition of all possible solutions , and is then annealed such that quantum fluctuations are introduced through competition between an ising model problem hamiltonian with field variables and coupler variables and a non - commuting driver hamiltonian .  ⁇ n the annealing algorithm is then annealed such that quantum fluctuations are introduced through competition between an ising model problem hamiltonian and a non - commuting driver hamiltonian .  ⁇ n the annealing algorithm is then compared with a belief propagation method which allows for problems to be solved which do not require a d - wave device .  ⁇ n i also discuss how the annealer can be used to construct a directed mutation engine for genetic algorithms . '
b' we investigate the influence of the surface environment on the local stress - bonding hybridization relationship in diamond - like tetrahedral amorphous carbon .  ⁇ n we show that the local stress - bonding hybridization relationship is a good description of the variations of stresses and the distributions of atoms as functions of depth .  ⁇ 
b' the na49 experiment at the cern sps has been used to study backward hadron production in p+c interactions .  ⁇ n the data were obtained for projectile momenta from 1 to 400 gev / c , for a lab angle range from 10 to 180 degrees , and for lab momenta from 0.2 to 1.2 gev / c .  ⁇ n the na49 data are used to extend the acceptance coverage for the asymmetric proton - nucleus interactions .  ⁇ n the results are compared to a variety of hadronic production models .  ⁇ n the na49 data are used to study the dependence of the yields on the cms energy and the reliability of the results to be used .  ⁇ n the na49 data are used to study the dependence of the yields on the cms energy .  ⁇ n the na49 data are used to study the impact of the asymmetry on the production of asymmetric proton - nucleus collisions .  ⁇ n the na49 data are used
b' we study the one - dimensional random - hopping problem in the presence of a disorder .  ⁇ n we show that the local density of states ( ldos ) of a single quantum particle is anomalous when a random amplitude is applied between nearest - neighbor sites .  ⁇ n we compute the ldos in the thermodynamic limit and close to the band center .  ⁇ n we find that the ldos exhibits a crossover from the diffusive to the localized regimes as a function of the disorder strength .  ⁇ n we also compute the probability distribution of the local density of states ( ldos ) as a function of the disorder strength .  ⁇ n we find that the ldos exhibits a crossover from the diffusive to the localized regimes as a function of the disorder strength .  ⁇ 
b' in this paper , we introduce the random walks and lvy flights in the proper context of metaheuristic optimization .  ⁇ n we use these results in the framework of markov theory to analyze the iteration process of algorithms such as step sizes , efficiency and the choice of some key parameters .  ⁇ n we also present four case studies for engineering optimization applications . '
b' we investigate the cosmological evolution in the scalar - tensor gravity .  ⁇ n we show that the phantom phase can be obtained at the present epoch without violating constraints from solar system and local gravity experiments , time-(in)dependence of the gravity constant , etc .  ⁇ n we also ask whether fine - tuning of initial data is necessary and how long the duration of the phantom stage can be in the past .  ⁇ n we find that models with the present phantom de can be made consistent with all constraints , but one of the functions entering the scalar - tensor lagrangian must have rather specific shape , and the initial data must be strongly fine - tuned .  ⁇ n also , the phantom stage must have begun fairly recently , at @xmath0 .  ⁇ n all these disfavor the effective phantom behaviour in the scalar - tensor gravity . '
b' we calculate the damping of spinwave modes in the two - dimensional ferromagnetic xy model , using a feynmann diagram technique .  ⁇ n we include the damping , @xmath0 , that results from the fourth - order spin operators in an expansion of the original spin hamiltonian .  ⁇ 
b' we study the non - perturbative structure of the vacuum in the chiral bag model .  ⁇ n the nambu jona - lasinio interaction is introduced as a quark - quark interaction inside the chiral bag .  ⁇ 
b' we present a numerical study of the ground state of a few - electron quantum dot in a strong magnetic field .  ⁇ n the ground state is obtained by a decomposition of the relative - coordinate basis set into a product of relative and center - of - mass states .  ⁇ n the ground state is found to be a spin - polarized , asymmetric , and asymmetric .  ⁇ 
b' we present a simple recipe to derive the compressibility factor of a multicomponent mixture of @xmath0-dimensional hard discs and @xmath1-dimensional hard hyperspheres .  ⁇ n the method is based on the _  ⁇ n _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
b' we study the isoperimetric problem in the real projective space @xmath0 .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed study of the transport properties of a one - atom contact of a ferromagnetic metal , fe , co , and ni .  ⁇ n we show that the conductance of the contact is strongly affected by the presence of a magnetic field .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the performance of two numerical methods for stochastic ordinary differential equations ( sodes ) .  ⁇ n the first method is a variable - stepsize code for sodes , and the second method is a commercial method .  ⁇ n we compare the performance of the two methods for a variety
b' we investigate the entanglement of a non - gaussian mixed state , which is a continuous variable squeezed state , using a photon counting detector .  ⁇ n we show that the entanglement of the non - gaussian mixed state can be enhanced by a factor of two , depending upon the type of input state , the choice of the measurement basis for the bell - type inequality violation and the signal power of modulation .  ⁇ n we also show that the entanglement of the non - gaussian mixed state can be enhanced by a factor of two , depending on the type of input state .  ⁇ n we also show that the entanglement of the non - gaussian mixed state can be enhanced by a factor of two , depending on the type of input state , the choice of the measurement basis for the bell - type inequality violation and the signal power of modulation . '
b' we study the formation of a receptor - ligand complex in a spherical particle moving with hydrodynamic flow at a height above a wall .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the passage time problem for non - hermitian hamiltonians with complex eigenvalues describing dissipative systems .  ⁇ n we find that the passage time can be made arbitrarily small by varying a parameter in the time - evolution operator while keeping the transition frequency between two states constant .  ⁇ n this phenomenon is an observation and no explanation has been provided as to where this effect might originate from .  ⁇ n we also find that the same conclusion can be drawn when considering non - hermitian hamiltonians with complex eigenvalues describing dissipative systems , i.e. those for which @xmath0 is definitely broken .  ⁇ n this means the possibility of arbitrarily small passage times results from the non - hermitian nature of the hamiltonian involved in the time - evolution operator and not its @xmath1-invariance . '
b' we study the impact of tidal shocks on the evolution of star clusters in the galaxy .  ⁇ n we consider the adiabatic correction , which is the ratio of the actual energy change to its impulsive value .  ⁇ n we find that the adiabatic correction is exponentially suppressed , and that the adiabatic correction is exponentially suppressed .  ⁇ n we also find that the adiabatic correction is exponentially suppressed , and that the adiabatic correction is exponentially suppressed .  ⁇ n we also find that the adiabatic correction is exponentially suppressed , and that the adiabatic correction is exponentially suppressed .  ⁇ n we also find that the adiabatic correction is exponentially suppressed , and that the adiabatic correction is exponentially suppressed .  ⁇ n we also find that the adiabatic correction is exponentially suppressed , and that the adiabatic correction is exponentially suppressed .  ⁇ n we also find that the adiabatic correction
b' we present a method to evaluate the canonical partition function of qcd at finite temperature and finite chemical potential .  ⁇ n the method is based on the fugacity expansion of the canonical partition function .  ⁇ n we find that the sign problem , the overlap problem and the determinant fluctuation problems are avoided .  ⁇ n we also present some preliminary results .  ⁇ n qcd , canonical partition function , fugacity expansion , determinant fluctuation '
b' the vft thermal activation law is derived from the logarithm of the density of final states for an activated process .  ⁇ 
b' the exclusive proton - induced @xmath0 scattering off a @xmath1 target is studied .  ⁇ n the amplitude factorized form of the cross section is used to describe the  ⁇  hard '' @xmath2 scattering .  ⁇ 
b' we derive the self - consistent solutions of the bogoliubov de gennes equation and the gap equation .  ⁇ n we show that the self - consistent soliton solutions need to have reflectionless potentials .  ⁇ n we also give the self - consistent condition of the system consisting of only right - movers .  ⁇ n the resultant condition is consistent with the time - independent case of the recent work . '
b' we study the continuous - variable analogue of the deutsch - jozsa algorithm , which is a quantum algorithm that solves the balanced - constant problem .  ⁇ n we introduce a particular model for the computation of the deutsch - jozsa problem in a continuous - variable setting .  ⁇ n our analysis shows that the deutsch - jozsa algorithm is necessarily probabilistic and its performance must therefore be compared to the classical case where bounded error is tolerated and not to the classical deterministic case . '
b' in this paper , we first characterize the evolution of human activity and item popularity in the amazon , flickr , delicious and wikipedia networks .  ⁇ n it is found that in such social media networks , both relative probabilities of users creating cross links and items acquiring cross links are proportional to the degree of activity and degree of popularity , respectively .  ⁇ n in particular , the inactive users are more likely to trace popular items than the active users . based on empirical observations ,  ⁇ n we then propose an evolving model based on two - step random walk .  ⁇ n finally , we justify the validity of our model by comparing the results of our model with that of empirical networks . '
b' reversible logic synthesis is an important open problem in quantum technologies .  ⁇ n it is , therefore , important to map a given reversible boolean function on a reversible logic gate library .  ⁇ n the problem of reversible logic synthesis is to map such a reversible boolean function on a reversible logic gate library .  ⁇ 
b' the @xmath0 model and the @xmath1 model are exactly equivalent for sufficiently small coupling .  ⁇ n the scaling properties of vortices of the @xmath0 model with standard action are discussed .  ⁇ 
b' we present a long - term monitoring of the famous microquasar ss 433 with rxte .  ⁇ n the source was observed for several months with ratan-600 .  ⁇ n after a remarkable flare on 2001/11/02 , the source entered its high state .  ⁇ n the source was observed for several ks everyday until 2001/11/25 .  ⁇ n the x - ray light curves were fitted with a power - law model .  ⁇ n the x - ray light curves were fitted with a power - law model .  ⁇ n the x - ray light curves were fitted with a power - law model .  ⁇ n the x - ray light curves were fitted with a power - law model .  ⁇ n the x - ray light curves were fitted with a power - law model .  ⁇ n the x - ray light curves were fitted with a power - law model .  ⁇ n the x - ray light
b' we study the collapse of a symmetric scale free density peak in an einstein - de sitter universe .  ⁇ n the velocity of each shell in the peak is taken to match the general expansion of the universe .  ⁇ 
b' a quantum computer could allow some problems to be solved more efficiently , by enabling efficient execution of quantum algorithms as compared to performing classical algorithms that are inferior for those problems .  ⁇ n the study of  ⁇  quantum simulation '' focuses on simulating properties and dynamics of quantum systems whether by classical or quantum computation , and the topic of  ⁇  efficient algorithms for quantum simulation '' focuses on simulating problems that do not have efficient classical algorithms .  ⁇ 
b' we prove that extreme throat initial data are a global minimum in the class of asymptotically flat , vacuum , complete axially symmetric initial data .  ⁇ n this result is a global generalization of the local arguments presented in @xcite .  ⁇ n we also give a partial answer .  ⁇ n we prove the conjecture for a class of initial data which has several technical restrictions .  ⁇ n nevertheless , this class is relevant by itself .  ⁇ n it includes initial data which have an isometry that leaves fixed a two - dimensional surface .  ⁇ n we extend the validity of the conjecture to include a non - vanishing mass functional . '
b' we present a study of the h@xmath0 emission line nebulae in the central regions of the central elliptical galaxy of the shapley cluster .  ⁇ n we find that the h@xmath0 emission line nebulae are asymmetrically distributed about the central galaxy , with velocities of @xmath1 km / s .  ⁇ 
b' we study the entanglement properties of the ising model on the lattice .  ⁇ n we show that the entanglement entropy of the ising spin is a universal logarithmic function of the size of the nearest - neighbor hopping .  ⁇ n we also show that the entanglement entropy of the ising spin is a universal logarithmic function of the size of the nearest - neighbor hopping .  ⁇ n we also show that the entanglement entropy of the ising spin is a universal logarithmic function of the size of the nearest - neighbor hopping .  ⁇ n we also show that the entanglement entropy of the ising spin is a universal logarithmic function of the size of the nearest - neighbor hopping .  ⁇ n we also show that the entanglement entropy of the ising spin is a universal logarithmic function of the size of the nearest - neighbor hopping .  ⁇ n we also show that the entanglement entropy
b' we derive a number of modified fluctuation - dissipation relations ( mfdrs ) around non - equilibrium steady states .  ⁇ n we show that the agarwal term can be expressed as a velocity excess from a local mean velocity using both the _ continuum _ langevin and _ discrete _ master equation dynamics .  ⁇ n this interpretation leads us to a modified einstein relation that has the same additive correction term for the two cases .  ⁇ n finally we apply this framework to a flashing - tweezer system . '
b' we present a quantum algorithm for solving the grover search problem .  ⁇ n the algorithm is a generalization of the grover search algorithm .  ⁇ 
b' we study the possibility of a scalar top quark lighter than top quark in the minimal supersymmetric standard model .  ⁇ n we find that , if the scalar top quark mass is smaller than the mass of the scalar top quark , the scalar top quark mass is smaller than the mass of the scalar top quark .  ⁇ n the scalar top quark mass is smaller than the mass of the scalar top quark .  ⁇ n the scalar top quark mass is smaller than the mass of the scalar top quark .  ⁇ n the scalar top quark mass is smaller than the mass of the scalar top quark .  ⁇ n the scalar top quark mass is smaller than the mass of the scalar top quark .  ⁇ n the scalar top quark mass is smaller than the mass of the scalar top quark .  ⁇ n the scalar top quark mass is smaller than the mass of the scalar
b' twitter is a popular online social network , a part of its message stream is programmatically accessible to the public , and the content of the messages it generates is short .  ⁇ n we use data from the twitter micro - blogging system to investigate the relation between activity profiles over time and content .  ⁇ n we identify dynamical classes of hashtag usage and relate them to the semantics of the corresponding tweets .  ⁇ n we also relate the same dynamical classes to the spreading properties of hashtags over the underlying social network .  ⁇ n we find that the same dynamical classes are related to the spreading properties of hashtags over the underlying social network .  ⁇ n we also show that the same dynamical classes are related to the spreading properties of hashtags over the underlying social network . '
b' the crab is the first source of gamma rays to be detected by ground based telescopes .  ⁇ n the crab is a very special object , but the success of the synchrotron self - compton ( ssc ) model as applied to the nebula has wide implications .  ⁇ n on one hand , this bright source is a test piece for the study of supernova remnants as the acceleration sites of high energy cosmic rays , with at issue the question of whether proton or electron acceleration dominates in a given source .  ⁇ n in addition , the study of the broadband spectra of agns of the blazar class has implications for the interpretation of the broadband spectra of agns of the blazar class .  ⁇ n the crab is a very special object , but the success of the ssc model as applied to the nebula has wide implications .  ⁇ n on one hand , the crab is a test piece for the study of supernova remnants as the acceleration sites of high energy cosmic
b' we study the yukawa couplings of the minimal supersymmetric standard model ( mssm ) in the framework of supergravity .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the persistent current and drude weight of a one - dimensional ring threaded by a time - independent magnetic flux .  ⁇ n the ring is described by the tight - binding approximation , and the persistent current and drude weight are calculated in cases where the on - site potential is given by some substitution sequences with different degrees of randomness .  ⁇ 
b' we study the consistency of lattice maps on the square lattice , and the bcklund transforms .  ⁇ n we show that the zero curvature condition ( zcc ) yields two different equations that can be used to define rational evolution in the lattice .  ⁇ n we then address the global problem of defining equations over the whole lattice , with the guideline given by the 3 dimensional structure coming from the consistency - around - a - cube ( cac ) construction .  ⁇ n we then push the use of @xmath0-matrix lax pairs to its limits , by constructing discrete systems over a larger sub - lattice of the original lattice .  ⁇ n this brings to light interesting ( integrable ) structures related to a generalized form of the functional yang - baxter equations . '
b' we present a method for generating synthetic and real - world networks using genetic programming .  ⁇ 
b' we study statistics of interspike intervals ( isi ) of a single neuron with delayed feedback .  ⁇ n it is shown that isi statistics of a single neuron with delayed feedback can not be represented as a markov chain of finite order .  ⁇ 
b' we study the equilibrium josephson current - phase relation of a long spinless contact between two superconducting leads , which are effectively gapless due to chiral majorana modes at their edges .  ⁇ n the latter connects between two superconducting leads , which are effectively gapless due to chiral majorana modes at their edges .  ⁇ n the normal conducting region consists of two separated chiral dirac channels supported by magnetic domain walls .  ⁇ n the latter connects between two superconducting leads , which are effectively gapless due to chiral majorana modes at their edges .  ⁇ n the josephson current - phase relation is calculated .  ⁇ n the latter is derived in the framework of the fabry - p  ⁇ n erot interferometer .  ⁇ n the josephson current - phase relation is calculated for two models of ( i ) transparent and ( ii ) tunnel junctions .  ⁇ n the first one involves four chiral y - junctions , operating
b' we present a theoretical study of the spectroscopic properties of the light harvesting complex ii ( lhcii ) of higher plants .  ⁇ n the spectroscopic properties of the complex are analyzed using a single - molecule model .  ⁇ 
b' we derive a local - time path integral representation of the bloch density matrix .  ⁇ n this can serve not only as a viable alternative to the commonly used feynman  ⁇ n kac representation but also as a powerful tool for extracting both large and small - temperature behavior .  ⁇ 
b' we present a photometric study of the transiting extrasolar planet hd 149026 .  ⁇ n the star exhibits a time - variable doppler shift that is consistent with a sinusoid of amplitude @xmath0 m s@xmath1 and period @
b' we propose a scheme for generating phase - squeezed light with large coherent amplitudes .  ⁇ n the scheme is based on the resonant - mode - locking technique .  ⁇ n the resonant - mode - locking scheme is based on the resonant - mode - locking scheme .  ⁇ n the resonant - mode - locking scheme is based on the resonant - mode - locking scheme .  ⁇ n the resonant - mode - locking scheme is based on the resonant - mode - locking scheme .  ⁇ n the resonant - mode - locking scheme is based on the resonant - mode - locking scheme .  ⁇ n the resonant - mode - locking scheme is based on the resonant - mode - locking scheme .  ⁇ n the resonant - mode - locking scheme is based on the resonant - mode - locking scheme .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a scheme for quantum information transfer in a spin chain based on adiabatic transport assisted by a slowly moving external field .  ⁇ n the central idea is that when an external field is moving slowly , the spin excitation may be pumped by a gaussian wavepacket with slow dispersion .  ⁇ n the resulting quantum transfer scheme is quite robust to static disorder , and thus may be used to implement a quantum information transfer scheme with high fidelity and low cost .  ⁇ n we also discuss the effect of nonideal measurements on the quantum transfer . '
b' we have made a series of ryle telescope ( rt ) observations of the cluster abell 773 .  ⁇ n we have made a total of 30 12-h observations of this cluster , each with a pointing centre of @
b' we study the electron - electron interaction in biased bilayer graphene .  ⁇ n we use the standard tight - binding description of the electronic structure and treat the problem in the metallic regime when the chemical potential lies in the conduction band leading to a topologically non - trivial ring for the fermi surface .  ⁇ n we also neglect inter - band transitions by assuming that the electronic gap is sufficiently large so that the valence band is completely filled and inert .  ⁇ n we show that the ferromagnetic instability can occur in this system due to the reduced phase space of the ring .  ⁇ n we also calculate the polarization properties of this system and show that they are rather unusual at high frequencies with peculiar friedel oscillations at low frequencies . '
b' we describe a set of numerical algorithms for a class of pdes , with possibly nonlinear interactions , on multiple copies of @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the algorithms are based on the lie group framework .  ⁇ n the lie group framework is suitable for this general problem .  ⁇ n we introduce partial moving frames and connections , which can be used to select generators for use in numerical methods .  ⁇ n we present one - step algorithms of different orders .  ⁇ n an arbitrary function appears in these algorithms ; different choices of this function yield distinct discrete trajectories .  ⁇ n we describe a possible choice that is related both to moving frames and , in the case of a geometric version of the forward euler method , to discretization error minimization .  ⁇ n we present the results of numerical experiments carried out using some of these functions for the symplectically reduced free rigid body , a hamiltonian system on the two - sphere .  ⁇ n the conservative nature of the rigid body system facilitates both the derivation
b' we introduce the concept of structurally robust control of complex networks .  ⁇ n we adopt the minimum dominating set ( mds ) model to provide a concrete example .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new definition of the asp grounder gringo , which is based on the notion of stable models of infinitary propositional formulas .  ⁇ 
b' we study the existence of two kinds of generators in a numerical semigroup larger than or equal to its conductor .  ⁇ n we show that only two kinds of generators exist in a numerical semigroup .  ⁇ n we also show that only two kinds of generators exist in symmetric , pseudo - symmetric , and arf semigroups .  ⁇ n we also give a way to determine the descendant at largest distance .  ⁇ n we also determine the number of infinite chains in which the numerical semigroup lies .  ⁇ n it turns out that primality and coprimality of integers appear in the scene as discriminating factors . '
"b"" we study the evolution of the universe in the framework of a class of dark energy models .  ⁇ n we consider the case of a cosmological constant @xmath0 and a quintessence potential @
b' we study the random link traveling salesman problem , where the individual lengths @xmath0 between city @xmath1 and city @xmath2 are taken to be independent random variables , all identically distributed according to some @x
b' we investigate the yields of oxygen and magnesium from type - ii supernovae ( snii ) in clusters of different types and masses .  ⁇ n we find that the upper end of the upper mass function ( imf ) depends upon the cluster mass function ( cmf ) .  ⁇ n we find that the cmf is truncated in the solar neighbourhood , and that the cmf is a power - law with slope @x
b' the pamela collaboration has recently reported a significant deviation with respect to the expectations from a purely secondary component in the cosmic - ray positron fraction .  ⁇ n we study the possibility of decaying dark matter particles with a fermionic or a scalar dark matter particle .  ⁇ n we compute the predictions for the positron fraction for various decay channels and different dark matter masses and lifetimes .  ⁇ 
b' we study the nonlocal nambu - jona - lasinio model in the landau gauge .  ⁇ n we show that the infrared limit reduces to a nonlocal nambu - jona - lasinio model with an eight quark interaction term .  ⁇ 
b' we consider a stochastic bandit problem where the decision maker can sample every edge .  ⁇ n the objective of the decision maker is to locate the node with the highest value .  ⁇ n we assume that there is an inherent and unknown value per node , and that the graph describes the allowed ( pairwise ) comparisons .  ⁇ n we also consider the more general setup where contextual information is observed before sampling the edges .  ⁇ n this is intended to model a more practical setting where , say , a web system has preliminary access to a set of user profile features .  ⁇ n we consider the setup where contextual information is observed before sampling the edges .  ⁇ n we assume that there is an inherent and unknown value per node , and that the graph describes the allowed ( pairwise ) comparisons .  ⁇ n we assume that the graph describes the allowed ( pairwise ) comparisons .  ⁇ n we assume that the graph describes the allowed ( pairwise ) comparisons .  ⁇ n we assume that the graph describes the allowed ( pairwise ) comparisons .  ⁇ 
b' we present a semi - digital readout scheme for a micromegas hcal .  ⁇ n the scheme is based on the lamination of a stainless steel mesh and photosensitive insulating films onto a pcb .  ⁇ n the pcb is patterned to pillars and the mesh is encapsulated in between the pillars .  ⁇ n the mesh is fabricated in a pcb .  ⁇ 
b' we present near - ir spectroscopy of the nova - like variable v838 monocerotis .  ⁇ n the spectra show a pronounced , blue , h@xmath0 emission feature , with a peak intensity of @xmath1 .  ⁇ 
b' we study the dynamics of trace distance discord ( tdd ) for special @xmath0 states by considering a dephasing two - qubit system initially prepared to a class of @xmath0 states beyond bell diagonal form .  ⁇ n the necessary condition for the occurrence of freezing tdd is found and compared with that of entropic discord .  ⁇ n our result shows that the condition of freezing tdd is much weaker than that of entropic discord .  ⁇ n for an illustration , we consider two interacting qubits coupled to independent reservoirs and demonstrate these peculiar properties of tdd .  ⁇ n it is interesting to find that the phenomena of freezing tdd exist even for the evolving @xmath0 state without maximally mixed marginals due to the presence of dipole - dipole coupling of the two qubits .  ⁇ n it is interesting to find that the phenomena of freezing tdd exist even for the evolving @xmath0 state without maximally mixed marginals due to the presence of dipole - dipole coup
b' we present a morphological analysis of a peculiar object detected in the field of the galaxy cluster a370 .  ⁇ n the object displays a distorted ring - like structure , a central bulge and a secondary 1.5-diameter inner ring .  ⁇ n the morphology of the object is similar to that of nearby ring - galaxies , but gravitationally distorted by the cluster .  ⁇ 
b' we study the spreading of nonlinear waves in a two - leg ladder lattice with synthetic gauge fields .  ⁇ n we find that the second moment of a wave packet grows as @xmath0 with the universal exponent @xmath1 .  ⁇ 
b' we consider the time - evolution of a non - relativistic charged particle in a homogeneous time - dependent electric field .  ⁇ 
b' we consider a bernoulli - shift process @xmath0  ⁇   ⁇ infty$ ] , given as @xmath1 , with second moments @xmath2  ⁇   ⁇ infty$ ] .  ⁇ 
b' the partition function of the nucleus @xmath0 is calculated at high temperatures based on two different level densities calculated within a shifted fermi - gas approach .  ⁇ n the temperature dependence of the integrand is analyzed .  ⁇ 
b' the project is the fabrication of a semi - digital hadronic calorimeter ( 2 bits readout ) of 1 m@xmath0 .  ⁇ n it is composed of 40 layers of 1.89 cm thick stainless steel absorbers separated by 8 mm planar micromegas chambers of 1 m@xmath1 size .  ⁇ n it should be as close as possible to an ilc - like module fulfilling the constraints on power consumption , geometry and electronic integration .  ⁇ n the prototype consists of 6 printed circuit boards of 32@xmath348cm@xmath1 placed in the same gas chamber .  ⁇ n the purpose of this scheme is to avoid a too large energy to be stored in the mesh which could be released during a spark .  ⁇ n the main purpose of this scheme is to avoid a too large energy to be stored in the mesh which could be released during a spark .  ⁇ n the main purpose of this scheme is to minimize the energy stored in the mesh .  ⁇ n the main goal of this project is the fabrication of a semi -
b' we study the near - field intensity distribution of a tilted mirror micro - resonator , a tilted mirror array of 1 @xmath0 m pyramidal pits .  ⁇ n we use a near - field approach to calculate the intensity distribution of the resonant light .  ⁇ n we find that the resonant intensity distribution is asymmetric with respect to the plasmon frequency .  ⁇ n the resonant intensity distribution is asymmetric with respect to the plasmon frequency .  ⁇ n the resonant intensity distribution is asymmetric with respect to the plasmon frequency .  ⁇ n the resonant intensity distribution is asymmetric with respect to the plasmon frequency .  ⁇ n the resonant intensity distribution is asymmetric with respect to the plasmon frequency .  ⁇ n the resonant intensity distribution is asymmetric with respect to the plasmon frequency .  ⁇ n the resonant intensity distribution is asymmetric with respect to the plasmon frequency .  ⁇ n the reson
b' we present a new spectroscopic observation of a flare - associated fast coronal wave ( euv fast coronal wave ) .  ⁇ n the euv fast coronal wave is a fast - mode magnetohydrodynamic ( mhd ) wave , which is thought to be the coronal counterpart of moreton waves .  ⁇ 
b' ultrasound attenuation spectroscopy ( uas ) is used to investigate the dispersion of laponite clay in aqueous suspensions of different ages .  ⁇ n the uas data show that the dispersion kinetics of the clays is dominated by the slow relaxation of the particles .  ⁇ n the relaxation time of the particles is found to be a function of the age of the suspension .  ⁇ 
b' the homunculus nebula around @xmath0-carinae has been analyzed with different models .  ⁇ n the shape and kinematics of the nebula is explained by the interaction of the winds expelled by the central star at different injection velocities .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed analysis of the radial velocity curve of the sdb star hs 2333 + 3927 .  ⁇ n the system consists of an sdb star and an m dwarf companion .  ⁇ n the radial velocity curve is analyzed using the wilson - devinney based light curve program moro .  ⁇ n the radial velocity curve is analyzed using the wilson - devinney based light curves .  ⁇ n the radial velocity curve is compared with the radial velocity curve of hs 2333 + 3927 .  ⁇ n the radial velocity curve is compared with the radial velocity curve of hs 2333 + 3927 .  ⁇ n the radial velocity curve is compared with the radial velocity curve of hs 2333 + 3927 .  ⁇ n the radial velocity curve is compared with the radial velocity curve of hs 2333 + 3927 .  ⁇ n the radial velocity curve of hs 2333 + 3927 is
b' we examine the effect of varying the local value of the hubble parameter on the cosmology derived from the fitting of high - redshift type ia supernov data to the hubble diagram .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the quantum hall effect in a non - commutative chern - simon
b' we report the discovery of two transiting hot jupiters , k2 and k3 , using data from the _ kepler _ k2 mission .  ⁇ n the k2 photometry and high resolution spectra and radial velocities obtained with the harps , feros and harps instruments are used to confirm the planetary nature of these candidates .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the relaxation dynamics of no@xmath0 molecules excited in the first optically - allowed electronic state @
b' the production of charged pions in the @xmath0 isobar region is studied .  ⁇ n the yield of positive pions is calculated using the equivalent photon method .  ⁇ n the results are compared to the equivalent photon method in various limits .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a new observable physics object at the lhc which is a anomalous underlying event .  ⁇ n the underlying event is the often overlooked part of every lhc event .  ⁇ n it is defined as everything in the event which is not the outgoing hard jets or leptons .  ⁇ n it is defined as everything in the event which is not the outgoing hard jets or leptons .  ⁇ n the underlying event is characterized for a variety of hard final states in terms of distributions of soft tracks and unclustered energy .  ⁇ n the characteristics and of the typical underlying event and their variations are best explained in a concrete example .  ⁇ n we will briefly explain the model and signal which are the focus of this paper .  ⁇ n we will sketch the search strategy for this example and sketch the search strategy for this example . '
b' we study axion models in the framework of the anomaly - mediated susy breaking model .  ⁇ n we show that the axion multiplet changes the prediction of the minimal anomaly - mediated model and that the negative slepton mass problem may be solved .  ⁇ n we also show that , in this case , the resulting superparticle mass spectrum is similar to that of the deflected anomaly mediation . '
b' we investigate the electronic properties of a single - molecule switching component , built of anthracene containing flexible side groups , denoted as rotor - stator molecular systems .  ⁇ n we show that due to the presence of a flexible dipolar aldehyde group , this could act as a bistable rotor - stator system .  ⁇ n depending on the orientation of the side aldehyde group with respect to the three static benzene rings , this could act as a bistable rotor - stator system .  ⁇ n we also show that the current - voltage curves in the coherent transport regime , simulating a metal - molecule - metal junction , could be controlled and fine tuned by an external electric field , even under realistic conditions .  ⁇ n we also show that the bistability of this system could be controlled and fine tuned by an external electric field , even under realistic conditions . '
b' we study the stability of tachyonic fields in the expanding and rotating cosmological backgrounds .  ⁇ n we show that only very light tachyons can be classically stable in a number of rotating cosmological backgrounds .  ⁇ n we also show that the stability gap for tachyons is much smaller than the threshold for the instability .  ⁇ n we also show that the stability gap for tachyons in the pure gdel - like nonexpanding universes is @xmath0 , where @x
b' we present a perturbation analysis of the slow transient modulations to phase - locking in microwave irradiated josephson junctions .  ⁇ n we provide specific analytical results for the ( rabi ) oscillation frequency and attenuation as a function
b' we give a complete description of the formality of the little 2-discs operad , and of the framed little 2-discs operad .  ⁇ n we also give a complete description of the formality of the framed little 2-discs operad .  ⁇ n we also give a complete description of the formality of the framed little 2-discs operad . '
b' social media is an increasingly popular communication tool by which people have massive social interactions in cyberspace .  ⁇ n these interactions can have a significant effect beyond cyberspace , with real world consequences .  ⁇ n the quantitative understanding of such collective phenomena is a central issue in the emerging field of computational social science .  ⁇ n many social media studies have been conducted using twitter , a popular social media that allows users to read , post , and forward a short text message of 140 characters or less ( called tweets ) .  ⁇ n such information cascades can be amplified by chains of retweets ( re - posted tweets ) from other users or followers .  ⁇ n consequently , twitter as a whole can behave like a network of social sensors , exhibiting distinct collective dynamics linked with target events .  ⁇ n however , little is known about the more unique nature of social sensors that can not be explained solely by these concurrent bursts of tweets or retweets .  ⁇ n we targeted major sporting events for the study of social sensors . 
b' we present a dual - frequency radio monitoring campaign of the @xmath0 b0 star in the x - ray binary system .  ⁇ 
b' we present results from giant metrewave radio telescope ( gmrt ) observations of the arp 202 system .  ⁇ n the gmrt observations reveal a tidal tail extending from the arp 202 system .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new method for determining physical parameters from a stellar spectrum .  ⁇ 
b' in this paper , we study the holographic dark energy model .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate theoretically the effect of dipole - dipole interaction on the clock transition frequency of alkaline earth atoms in an optical lattice .  ⁇ n we show that by varying the lattice geometry we can quantitatively control the clock frequency shift and even reduce the shift to zero .  ⁇ n in particular , we give an analytical equation that can be solved giving configurations where constructive interference causes the shift to be very large .  ⁇ n in these bad lattice configurations , the magnitude of the shift scales approximately like the square root of the lattice spacing .  ⁇ n we propose that by tuning the parameter space to lie in between two of these bad lattice configurations , one can find good configurations where the shift is cancelled .  ⁇ n the mechanism of cancellation is associated with the destructive interference of contributions to the shift from different atoms . '
b' a new quantum mechanical method of energy extraction from black holes is proposed .  ⁇ n this method is based on a gedanken experiment on quantum energy teleportation ( qet ) .  ⁇ n the key point is that there exists quantum correlation between local fluctuations of different points in the ground state .  ⁇ n therefore , the measurement results of local fluctuation in a region can be squeezed , yielding negative energy density .  ⁇ n surplus energy of the local fluctuation is emitted to the external systems and can be harnessed .  ⁇ n the time scale of the qet process is very short compared to the hawking - process time scale .  ⁇ n the energy extraction from black holes is based on the quantum effect of matter .  ⁇ n the energy extraction from black holes is a new method of energy extraction . '
b' we present a stacking analysis of the @xmath0co @xmath1 survey of 29 local ultra - luminous infrared galaxies ( ulirgs ) .  ⁇ n the sample is divided into two groups based on optical emission line diagnostics : starburst dominated galaxies and galaxies with large agn contributions .  ⁇ n we also measure the average brightness of other weaker molecular lines such as @xmath0cn(10 ) and @xmath0co(10 ) , as an independent measurement of molecular gas properties .  ⁇ n we find that the average brightness of @xmath0cn(10 ) is @xmath2@xmath3k km s@xmath4 , which is consistent with the star formation rate of @xmath5 yr@xmath4 .  ⁇ n the average brightness of @xmath0cn(10 ) is @xmath6@xmath7k km s@xmath
b' belief propagation ( bp ) decoding of ldpc codes is a suboptimal but efficient version of the optimal block map decoding .  ⁇ n the main disadvantage of the lp is associated with a larger number of degrees of freedom .  ⁇ n the bp decoding operates in terms of messages , totaling to twice the total number of edges in the tanner graph of the code , while lp decodes to a codeword , whose number grows exponentially with the check degree , @xmath0 .  ⁇ n this paper suggests an alternative for reducing the lp decoding complexity .  ⁇ n we show that the dendro - code and the original code have identical sets of codewords and pseudo - codewords .  ⁇ n moreover , for any configuration of the channel output the results of map decodings are identical for the two codes .  ⁇ n the pseudo - codeword - search algorithm of @xcite suggests an efficient algorithm for finding the pseudo - codewords with low effective distance , thus explaining the as
b' we present an overview of the solar system dust cloud and the different observations of dust .  ⁇ n we discuss the different interactions of dust in the solar wind and the fluxes of nano dust in the solar wind .  ⁇ n we then discuss the dynamics and fluxes of nano dust in the solar wind .  ⁇ 
b' in this work , we introduce a new diagnostic of dark energy , @xmath0 , which is a sensitive probe of the expansion history of the universe .  ⁇ n the new probe is based on the sahni - shafieloo ( ss ) parameter pair , which is a robust diagnostic of dark energy .  ⁇ n the new probe is based on the ss - ii - ii - ii - ii - ii - ii - ii - ii - ii - ii - ii - ii - ii - ii - ii - ii - ii - ii - ii - ii - iv - iv - iv - iv - iv - iv - iv - iv - iv - iv - 
b' we study the formation of droplets in the transition between the quark - gluon plasma ( qgp ) phase and the colour superconducting phase .  ⁇ n we show that the same physics of activation energy barrier governs the formation of droplets in both cases .  ⁇ n we also discuss the formation of droplets in the transition between the hadronic matter phase and the 2sc phase .  ⁇ n we find that the chiral symmetry is restored inside our droplets , but is restored outside .  ⁇ n we also discuss the formation of droplets in the transition between the hadronic matter phase and the 2sc phase .  ⁇ n we find that the chiral symmetry is restored inside our droplets , but is restored outside .  ⁇ n we also discuss the formation of droplets in the transition between the hadronic matter phase and the 2sc phase .  ⁇ n pacs numbers : 11.30.rd , 12.38.bx , 12.38.bx '
b' we present a study of the ir - to - x - ray ( irx ) flux ratios for a sample of galactic and magellanic supernova remnants ( snrs ) .  ⁇ n the irx flux ratios are derived from the ir sed ( spectral energy density ) modeling and the x - ray emission .  ⁇ 
b' we study the effect of strong quantizing magnetic field on the transport coefficients of dense stellar electron - proton plasma .  ⁇ n we have obtained the transport coefficients from the relativistic version of boltzmann kinetic equation by linearizing the distribution function and using relaxation time approximation .  ⁇ n we have noticed that the electrical conductivity of the medium becomes extremely small in presence
b' we discuss the possibility that a large batch of mm - size , aerodynamically well - sorted particles may proceed directly in turbulence .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the vela - puppis region based on _  ⁇ n h.e.s.s . _ observations of the vela - puppis region .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the weiss oscillations in the magneto - resistance of graphene layer under the influence of a periodic potential with a period in the submicrometer range .  ⁇ n the period of the oscillations is found to be periodic in the inverse magnetic field , and the period of the oscillations is found to be different from the period of the shubnikov - de haas oscillations .  ⁇ n the asymptotic expression valid in the quasi - classical region is obtained .  ⁇ n the obtained results are compared with the results for the standard two - dimensional electron system . '
b' we present a method to remove the unwanted effects of fiber path length fluctuations .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new method for estimating the magnetic structure of the solar corona from the _ global oscillations network group _ ( gong ) and the _ michelson doppler imager _ ( mdi ) data .  ⁇ 
b' we present a general description of gravastars as anisotropic fluid spheres .  ⁇ n the gravastar is a generalization of the mazur - mottola model .  ⁇ 
b' we calculate the nuclear shadowing correction to the non - singlet structure functions for the nucleons in the framework of a chiral quark - soliton model .  ⁇ n we find that the nuclear shadowing correction to the structure functions , @xmath0 , for @xmath1he and @xmath1h , is negligible at small values of bjorken @xmath2 .  ⁇ 
b' we study the effects of an external magnetic field on the generalized ads - cft correspondence .  ⁇ n we consider both bulk electric and magnetic fields .  ⁇ n we show that the non - commutative geometry can lead to a phase transition in the superconducting state .  ⁇ n we also show that the critical magnetic field is an important parameter of the theory .  ⁇ n the high @xmath0 superconductors fall in the type ii category .  ⁇ n the holographic superconductors fall in the type ii category . '
b' the modularity of a graph is a measure of the number of links connecting the modules of the network .  ⁇ 
"b"" we present a multiwavelength study of the pulsar psr b1951 + 32 , associated with the ctb 80 supernova remnant .  ⁇ n the pulsar is located within a spectrally flat region of the pulsar wind , with a spectral index of @
b' we investigate the overload breakdown problem in growing networks with an emerging power - law degree distribution .  ⁇ n the network is modeled as a undirected and unweighted graph with a randomly chosen preferential attachment of vertice
b' we discuss the possibility that the axion , the lightest neutralino , the axino , and the gravitino are the major candidates for cold dark matter ( cdm ) .  ⁇ n we discuss the salient features of the minimal supersymmetric standard model ( mssm ) , which is used as a basic frame for discussing susy cdm .  ⁇ n we also discuss the relic abundance of the lightest neutralino , which is normally the lightest supersymmetric particle ( lsp ) , and the axino .  ⁇ n we also present a susy grand unified theory ( gut ) model which solves the bottom - quark mass problem by naturally and modestly violating the exact unification of the third generation yukawa couplings .  ⁇ n we study the parameter space of the model which is allowed by neutralino dark matter considerations as well as some other phenomenological constraints .  ⁇ n finally , we study the parameter space of the model which is allowed by neutralino dark matter consideration
b' we investigate the time - evolution of a quantum dot tunnel coupled to a single electronic reservoir .  ⁇ n we consider a voltage step pulse that affects the occupation of only a single orbital energy level .  ⁇ n the level can be spin split due to coulomb interaction .  ⁇ n we find that the relaxation of charge and spin is given by three rates .  ⁇ n in addition to the three rates that govern the relaxation of charge and spin , there is a third rate that appears in the relaxation of a single level quantum dot with spin and with interaction .  ⁇ n it is shown to be related to two - particle effects and appears , e.g. , in the time - evolution of the mean squared deviations of the charge from its equilibrium value .  ⁇ n we also propose a procedure to separately read out the different relaxation rates occurring in the dynamics of the quantum dot . '
b' we present a method for object localization in weakly - structured images .  ⁇ n the method is based on a convolutional neural network ( cnn ) based classifier .  ⁇ n the cnn s feature maps compute activations across layers for a given test image .  ⁇ n we examine the activation values in the outermost convolutional layer and propose localization candidates ( or bounding boxes ) which maximize classification scores for a class of interest .  ⁇ n we then progressively explore smaller and smaller regions of interest until a point is reached where the classifier is no longer able to discriminate amongst the classes of interest .  ⁇ n we adopt a beam search strategy where the number of candidate bounding boxes is restricted as we progress to finer localizations .  ⁇ n this strategy enables efficient localization of multiple objects of multiple classes in images .  ⁇ n we outperform the state - of - the - art in object localization accuracy by a significant margin of up to 8 map on two standard data - sets with complex scenes , pas
b' we study the charge transport properties of a quasi - one - dimensional system of @xmath0 solitons , i.e. @xmath1 , in the presence of long ranged coulomb interactions .  ⁇ 
b' we present a phase - field model for the solidification of a pure substance .  ⁇ 
b' we present a general method to calculate the interaction between an electronic / atomic system and a single - mode quantized electromagnetic field .  ⁇ n we first calculate eigenfunctions and energies of the single - electron hamiltonian , which we use as a basis for many - body calculations .  ⁇ n we then use a number of the lowest single - electron eigenstates to construct a many - electron fock state basis which is used to compute the eigenstates and energies of the many - electron hamiltonian including the coulomb interaction between electrons .  ⁇ n finally , we use a number of the lowest coulomb interacting eigenstates to construct a joint electron - photon basis .  ⁇ n the results are convergent with respect to these parameters in a controllable manner . '
b' we study the problem whether a superstructure is a topological insulator and if there exists a similar topological phase transition .  ⁇ n we show that a superstructure is a quantum spin hall insulator if it is topologically connected to silicene .  ⁇ n we also point out an intriguing possibility that the k and k points are identified by the folding .  ⁇ n when it happens , there exists only one dirac point where two dirac cones coexist , and this is experimentally detectable .  ⁇ n in addition to general arguments , to demonstrate these novel phenomena we carry out a numerical analysis by taking an instance of the ( @xmath0 ) superstructure on the ( @xmath1 ) structure of the ag substrate . '
b' we present a new method to reconstruct the mean magnitudes of cepheids from a few - epoch data of cepheids in the @xmath0 , @xmath1 , or @xmath2 bands .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new method of solving the faddeev equations for the he@xmath0 system .  ⁇ n the method is based on the total angular momentum representation of the system .  ⁇ 
b' bayesian methods of inference are widely used in astronomy and cosmology .  ⁇ n they can generally be divided into the performance of two main tasks : parameter estimation and model selection .  ⁇ 
b' we develop a theory for understanding the large scale geometry on metric spaces and the action of mappings or transformations on metric spaces using convergent sequences at infinity , with reference to the theory of gromov hyperbolic spaces .  ⁇ n in fact , we focus on mappings between metric spaces which send sequences keeping the condition of the convergence at infinity .  ⁇ n we call such mappings _ asymptotically conservative with the gromov product _ ( or _ asymptotically conservative with the gromov product _ , for short ) .  ⁇ 
b' we review the fundamentals and state of the art of spin transfer torque and spin hall effect nano - oscillators ( stnos and shnos ) .  ⁇ 
b' we examine the analytic structure of the heavy quark propagator in the limit of infinite quark mass .  ⁇ n we also consider the bethe - salpeter equation for bound states of heavy quarks and light antiquarks .  ⁇ n we find that the analytic structure of the heavy quark propagator is a consequence of non - perturbative quark self dressing .  ⁇ 
b' we study the statistical properties of dna sequences .  ⁇ n we use a generalized detrended fluctuation analysis , commonly called unfolding , to separate the secular trend and the non - secular properties of the sequences .  ⁇ n the nearest neighbour distribution is obtained and analyzed .  ⁇ n the nearest neighbour distribution is obtained yielding a universal feature .  ⁇ n examples of the nonsense results obtained without a proper unfolding procedure are also given there . '
b' we study the @xmath0 nonlinear sigma model in two spacetime dimensions with @xmath1 twisted boundary conditions .  ⁇ n we find that the wilson holonomy stabilizes the @xmath2 twisted boundary condition .  ⁇ n we find that the wilson holonomy stabilizes the @xmath2 twisted boundary condition .  ⁇ n we also find that the wilson holonomy stabilizes the @xmath2 twisted boundary condition .  ⁇ n we find that the wilson holonomy stabilizes the @xmath2 twisted boundary condition .  ⁇ n we also find that the wilson holonomy stabilizes the @xmath2 twisted boundary condition .  ⁇ n we also find that the wilson holonomy stabilizes the @xmath2 twisted boundary condition .  ⁇ n we also find that the wilson holonomy stabilizes the @xmath2 twisted boundary condition .  ⁇ 
b' we present a method to functionalize optical fiber tips with semiconductor photonic crystal cavities .  ⁇ 
b' we calculate the non - abelian statistics of kitaev s honeycomb spin lattice model using the berry phase technique .  ⁇ n we obtain a unitary matrix that describes the statistics of the conjectured non - abelian ising anyons .  ⁇ n this conclusively demonstrates the non - abelian character of kitaev s model .  ⁇ n further , we present a scheme for creating , transporting and characterizing the anyons that could be used in the proposed physical implementations and provide exact predictions for a physically realistic range of the model s parameters . '
b' we present a new method of automated search for star clusters in the galactic plane based on the convolution of density maps with a special 2-d filter .  ⁇ n this method is based on the assumption that probable cluster members lying along the same isochrone on the color - magnitude diagram should also form the spatial density peak .  ⁇ n this method not only allows to verify a cluster candidate , but at the same time estimate the cluster s main parameters distance , age , and color excess .  ⁇ n we employed this method to derive the physical parameters of 12 new and 13 known , but poorly studied clusters , which were also detected in the field of interest .  ⁇ n we used this method to derive the physical parameters of 12 new and 13 known clusters , which were also detected in the field of interest .  ⁇ n we also used this method to derive the physical parameters of some of them , which were also detected in the field of interest .  ⁇ n we also used this method to estimate the physical parameters of some of them , which were also detected in the field of interest .  ⁇ 
b' we study the possible effects of scalar - tensor gravity ( st ) on the expansion rate of the universe at the time of cold dark matter ( cdm ) freeze - out .  ⁇ n we show that st may provide a viable quintessence candidate and at the same time have an impact on the dark matter relic abundance .  ⁇ n we also show that st may have a profund impact on nucleosynthesis . '
b' we study the large - scale lognormality of the coarse - grained squared velocity and squared velocity increments in turbulence .  ⁇ n we show that the large - scale lognormality is a general property of correlated random variables , not restricted to large - scale fluctuations of turbulence .  ⁇ n we use the ornstein - uhlenbeck process as a simplest way to generate correlated random variables with the correlation length .  ⁇ n our numerical results suggest that the large - scale lognormality is indeed a general property of correlated random variables .  ⁇ n then we study , by analytical calculations of moments , further details on how the ornstein - uhlenbeck process becomes close to the lognormal variables .  ⁇ n we believe that this simple approach using the stochastic process has some value since reproducing the large - scale lognormality by direct numerical simulations of the navier - stokes equations . '
b' we present suzaku x - ray imaging spectrometer and hard x - ray detector observations of the recurrent nova t crb .  ⁇ n the x - ray spectrum shows a strong fe k@xmath0 line at @xmath16.5 kev .  ⁇ 
b' we present our results for @xmath0-induced one pion production cross sections in mineral oil for neutrino energies below 2gev .  ⁇ n these results are compared to the experimental data obtained by the miniboone collaboration . '
b' we present a digital archive of hi line spectra for 9000 optically selected galaxies .  ⁇ n the data are based on the arecibo hi strip survey ( ahiss ) , the arecibo dual beam survey ( adbs ) , the hi jodrell all - sky survey ( hijass ) and the hi parkes all - sky survey ( hipass ) .  ⁇ 
b' we consider the yang - baxter equation for maps , which is a discrete version of the krichever - novikov equation .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the impurity renormalization in the @xmath0-@xmath1-@xmath2 model , using the variational monte carlo method and the gutzwiller - projected bogoliubov - de gennes equation .  ⁇ n we find that the impurity potential is screened by the effective local chemical potentials originated from minimization of the total energy .  ⁇ n the local moment formation is found to be in good agreement with the experimental data .  ⁇ n the renormalization of the impurity potential is also discussed .  ⁇ n the renormalization of the impurity potential is found to be a factor larger than unity , and the local renormalization factors are larger than unity .  ⁇ n the renormalization factors are found to be in good agreement with the experimental data .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed analysis of the luminosity function of exo - zodi around a sample of nearby stars , based on a sample of 58 stars observed with the large binocular telescope interferometer ( lbti ) .  ⁇ 
b' we study a coupled bistable system that consists of interacting identical bistable motifs .  ⁇ n we consider the case where coupling is such that for each stable state the individual motifs are in the same steady state .  ⁇ n we show that the transition paths of the coupled system bifurcate with appropriate parameter sets .  ⁇ n we also propose a criterion for the bifurcation of transition paths .  ⁇ n we apply our criterion to the model of coupled bistable gene circuits .  ⁇ n we confirm the theory numerically and discuss the transition rates . '
b' fractional frequency reuse ( ffr ) is a promising technique for enhancing the performance of heterogeneous networks ( hetnets ) .  ⁇ n however , the joint user association and multi - cell frequency allocation for ffr has rarely been investigated . in this paper  ⁇ n , we formulate the joint user association and multi - cell frequency allocation problem by treating the frequency allocation as frequency partitioning among multiple patterns . to solve the obtained mixed - integer nonconvex problem ,  ⁇ n we develop a tabu search algorithm .  ⁇ n the proposed scheme significantly improves the hetnet performance compared to other ici coordination schemes .  ⁇ 
b' we study the global structure of homoclinic loops in a large class of forced hamiltonian families .  ⁇ n we show that the flux through the homoclinic loop depends continuously on the frequency of the forcing term .  ⁇ n this result is obtained by constructing a labelling scheme for primary homoclinic orbits .  ⁇ n we also show that the flux through the homoclinic loop is @xmath0 , where @xmath1 is the spanning parameter of the family .  ⁇ n this result is a generalization of the work of the author with a. poje .  ⁇ n _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
b' the radii of curvature of the pion and muon tracks of an event , in which a pion decays into a muon and a muon neutrino , recorded during the runs of the ps 179 experiment at the beam of antiprotons of lear at cern , were measured .  ⁇ n the event consists of a multi - nucleon annihilation of an antiproton with a @xmath0 nucleus .  ⁇ n the peculiarity of the event consists in the noticeable length of the @xmath1 and @xmath2 tracks and in their coplanarity .  ⁇ n the upper limit for the muon neutrino mass obtained by measuring the radii of curvature of the pion and muon tracks of the event was @xmath3 .  ⁇ n the upper limit for the muon neutrino mass was @xmath4 .  ⁇ n the upper limit for the muon neutrino mass was @xmath5 .  ⁇ n the upper limit for the mu
b' we simulate magneto - convection in a domain 48 mm wide by 20 mm deep .  ⁇ n the domain is advecting uniform , uniform , horizontal magnetic field into the domain by inflows at the bottom .  ⁇ n the field entered in the upflows at 30 deg to the east - west axis .  ⁇ n the field entered in the upflows at the bottom .  ⁇ n the field entered in the upflows at 30 deg to the east - west axis .  ⁇ n the field entered in the upflows at 30 deg to the east - west axis .  ⁇ n the field entered in the upflows at 30 deg to the east - west axis .  ⁇ n the field entered in the upflows at 30 deg to the east - west axis .  ⁇ n the field entered in the upflows at 30 deg to the east - west axis .  ⁇ n the field entered in the upflows at 30 deg to the east - west 
b' a polarization interferometer is proposed to measure the displacement field of a micro - object .  ⁇ n the interferometer is based on a spatially incoherent light source , illuminated by a polarization beam - splitter .  ⁇ n the optical phase induced by the sample - wollaston prism group is described .  ⁇ n a shot - noise limited detection is described , and the inversion method developed to convert an optical phase change into an out - of - plane displacement is presented .  ⁇ n an example is finally provided on the measurement of the displacement field of a thermally loaded micro - cantilever . '
b' we study the ground state properties of the spin-1/2 xxz model on the kagom lattice with a magnetic field .  ⁇ n we show that the ground state of this model is gapless if the total spin per unit cell is an half - odd - integer and the magnetization per site is a non - zero integer .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a generalization of gibbs - donnan theory to include the electrostatic binding of counterions onto the colloidal charge .  ⁇ n we show that the non - monotonicity of ejecting force as function of multivalent salt concentration is explained qualitatively .  ⁇ n in particular , we find that the repulsive force decreases and then increases , upon increase in the added salt concentration .  ⁇ n the minimum in the force is associated to the charge neutralization point of dna , which correlates well with experimental results . '
b' we have analyzed the x - ray spectrum and morphology of the giant molecular cloud sgr b2 , which is one of the largest molecular clouds in the galaxy .  ⁇ 
b' we study the phase diagram of the @xmath0 ising spin glass in two , three , and four dimensions .  ⁇ n we find that the multicritical point , where the ferromagnetic phase ceases to exist , is exactly located in the phase diagram .  ⁇ 
b' the discovery of short - hard gamma - ray bursts ( shbs ) by _ swift _ and _  ⁇ n swift _ has led to the discovery of a fading x - ray afterglow .  ⁇ 
b' the ibis simulator is a new , ifc / cnr milan , southampton university and isdc , gamma - ray observatory .  ⁇ 
b' we consider the problem of reading classical information by means of quantum states .  ⁇ n we consider two different coding schemes , namely the amplitude shift keying ( ask ) and the phase shift keying ( psk ) protocols .  ⁇ n the first protocol is based on the gaussian quasi - bell state of the transmitter , i.e. a bell - type superposition of quasi - orthogonal coherent states .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed analysis of the x - ray spectrum of the intermediate - mass x - ray binary hercules x-1 .  ⁇ n the x - ray spectrum is well described by a power - law with a photon index of @xmath0 .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of the qcd phase - ii data for net - proton and net - charge multiplicity distributions .  ⁇ n the results are compared with the predictions of a hadron resonance gas model .  ⁇ 
b' the klein - gordon equation in a general weak gravitational field is solved exactly for scalar field .  ⁇ n the metric is expanded up to first order in terms of the parameters of the general weak gravitational field .  ⁇ n the mode frequencies inside the apparatus are obtained under the influence of both dirichlet and neumann boundary conditions for the scalar field .  ⁇ n the electromagnetic energy density is obtained for both neumann and dirichlet boundary conditions .  ⁇ n the electromagnetic energy density is also obtained .  ⁇ n the far field limit of the kerr spacetime and the horava - lifshitz theory of gravity are of special interest . '
b' we present spectroscopic observations of nine new pulsating white dwarfs , selected from the _ kepler_-int survey .  ⁇ n the white dwarf candidates were selected using @xmath0 , @xmath1 and @x
b' the ground state of the holstein model is investigated in the whole range of electron - phonon coupling .  ⁇ n the localized polaron functions are calculated by using the exact diagonalization method .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a study of inclusive hadron production in pb+pb collisions at high transverse momentum ( @xmath0 ) .  ⁇ n the data were collected with the atlas detector in the 2010 and 2011 pb+pb runs .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate a one - dimensional topological superconductor ladder with rashba spin - orbit interaction .  ⁇ n we find that the number of majorana zero - energy states ( mzes ) changes from @xmath0 to @xmath1 by changing the magnitude of the interlayer hopping .  ⁇ 
b' we study cosmological consequences of non - minimally coupled scalar field model of universe in jordan and einstein frames and in the spirit of dark energy scenario .  ⁇ n we compare cosmological consequences of the non - minimal coupling between scalar field and gravity in these two frames .  ⁇ n we show that the non - minimal coupling between scalar field and gravity in the spirit of dark energy scenario can avoid the initial singularity .  ⁇ n we also show that the phantom divide line crossing is avoided by the non - minimal coupling between scalar field and gravity .  ⁇ n we also show that the non - minimal coupling between scalar field and gravity can be avoided by introducing a non - minimally coupled scalar field .  ⁇ n we also show that the non - minimal coupling between scalar field and gravity can be avoided by introducing a non - minimally coupled scalar field .  ⁇ 
b' we present a simple model for the radio light curve of the binary pulsar psr b1259@xmath063 .  ⁇ n the model reproduces the main features of the data and identifies the essential physics .  ⁇ 
b' we provide a general method for constructing normally ordered expressions for field operators .  ⁇ n we explain how to link them to well - known combinatorial problems .  ⁇ n we also present analogies between our methods and those of standard field theory , in particular feynman diagrams .  ⁇ n finally , we illustrate this approach using examples arising in one mode boson normal ordering .  ⁇ 
"b"" we present a generalized , self - similar solution for the magnetohydrodynamics of relativistic outflows .  ⁇ n the solution is characterized by a poloidal speed ( the speed of light ) that is less than the poloidal component of the alfvn speed at the base of the flow , and is trans - alfvnic .  ⁇ n we show that the solution is a generalization of the  ⁇  cold , '' radially self - similar solution of @xcite .  ⁇ n the solution is characterized by the thermal pressure playing a negligible role in the flow acceleration and by the flow being trans - alfvnic : the poloidal component of the alfvn speed comes to exceed it further up .  ⁇ n we also show that the solution is a generalization of the  ⁇  cold , '' radially self - similar solution of @xcite to the relativistic regime .  ⁇ n we also show that the solution is a generalization of the  ⁇  cold , '' radially
b' the equilibrium electric field distribution at a charged particle in a plasma is studied by means of monte carlo simulations .  ⁇ n the electrons are modeled as a single ion with a singular attractive electron - ion interaction .  ⁇ n the electron - ion coupling is determined by the maximum magnitude of the regularized electron - ion potential at the origin .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed analysis of the interaction between a high - energy radio jet from the nearby galaxy ngc 541 and its surroundings .  ⁇ n we find that the interaction of the jet with the surrounding interstellar medium ( ism / igm ) is likely to cause the warm gas to cool into the h@xmath0 regions straddling the jet .  ⁇ n the star formation rate in minkowski s object ( m.o . ) correlates with the jet - cloud interaction site , and the star formation rate in m.o . correlates with the jet - cloud morphology .  ⁇ 
b' we study the dynamics of an inter - as network formation game .  ⁇ n we consider a network formation game in which the link costs are heterogeneous and the benefit depends only on a player s nearest neighbors .  ⁇ 
b' we study the electronic dispersion laws in asymmetric coupled double quantum wells ( acqw ) , caused by abrupt interfaces , when an in - plane magnetic field is applied .  ⁇ n the band structure and dispersion laws are calculated using an extended version of the @xmath0 kane formalism with nonsymmetric boundary conditions .  ⁇ n the spin - splitting changes due to the interaction with abrupt interfaces are analyzed .  ⁇ n the effects of the interfaces on the electronic dispersion laws are also discussed .  ⁇ n the influence of the interfaces on the spin - splitting changes is also discussed .  ⁇ n the influence of the interfaces on the spin - splitting changes is also discussed .  ⁇ n the influence of the interfaces on the spin - splitting changes is also discussed . '
b' we study a fully - connected attractor neural network with a time - dependent threshold .  ⁇ n the model is characterized by a symmetric pattern distribution and a time - dependent threshold .  ⁇ n the influence of self - control on the retrieval quality of the network  ⁇ n information content , critical capacity , basins of attraction , critical capacity , critical capacity , critical capacity , critical capacity , information content is studied .  ⁇ n the theoretical findings are compared with results from numerical simulations of a fully connected network of three - state neurons . '
b' we present a truncation procedure for the chalker - coddington model , which is a simple network model which describes quantum tunnelling in the presence of disorder .  ⁇ n the truncation is based on the lattice path integral , which maps the original model to a statistical model of lattice paths .  ⁇ n the resulting model is a two - colour loop model with vacancies , and with loop fugacity @
b' we investigate the circumgalactic medium ( cgm ) of galaxies in and around the virgo cluster .  ⁇ n we find 43 absorbers toward 23 background qsos in the virgo cluster .  ⁇ n the cgm of the galaxies in the cluster and circumcluster environments is dominated by the hot intracluster medium and the density of galaxies .  ⁇ n the cgm of the field galaxies is dominated by the hot intracluster medium and the density of galaxies .  ⁇ n the cgm of the field galaxies is dominated by the hot intracluster medium and the density of galaxies .  ⁇ n the cgm of the field galaxies is dominated by the hot intracluster medium and the density of galaxies .  ⁇ n the cgm of the field galaxies is dominated by the hot intracluster medium and the density of galaxies .  ⁇ n the cgm of the field galaxies
b' we study the topological interference management problem for linear wired networks with time - varying ( alternating ) network topology .  ⁇ 
b' we revisit the analysis of a recent set of papers , based on the 3-year wmap data release , which claims to have detected the kinetic sunyaev - zeldovich ( ksz ) effect of galaxy clusters .  ⁇ n we use the 3-year wmap kp0 galactic mask to remove the primary cmb anisotropy .  ⁇ n we use 816 clusters total , compared to 782 in the previous analysis .  ⁇ n we find that the uncertainty of this measurement is dominated by primary cmb anisotropy , not detector noise .  ⁇ n we argue that the uncertainty of this measurement is dominated by primary cmb anisotropy , not detector noise .  ⁇ n as the cmb is observed by all 8 wmap channels , the errors are highly correlated between these channels , and the inferred detection significance is greatly reduced .  ⁇ 
b' we study the interfacial properties and the associated wetting phenomena in a partially miscible fluid mixture by means of monte carlo simulations .  ⁇ n we consider a binary lj fluid mixture in which the attractive part of the a - b interactions is weaker than the a - a and b - b interactions .  ⁇ n we show that the vapor phase spontaneously excludes the liquid a - liquid b interface at and above the wetting transition temperature , @xmath0 .  ⁇ n that is , the vapor phase fully wets the liquid a - liquid b phases .  ⁇ n this phenomenon occurs when the miscibility parameter @xmath0 is in the range @xmath1 and in the temperature region @xmath2 .  ⁇ n the structural properties of the mixture as a function of @
b' we study the effect of dynamical chiral symmetry breaking and generation of a fermion mass in the framework of the ( 1 + 1)-dimensional gross - neveu model .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new constraint on the average gravitational wave production from the most numerous likely sources , namely core collapse supernovae , neutron star births and black hole births .  ⁇ n we show that a generic broad gaussian spectrum provides a suitable average source spectrum .  ⁇ 
b' we study the exact decoherence dynamics of a qubit interacting with a vacuum reservoir .  ⁇ n we show that the non - markovian effect manifests its action on the qubit not only in the transient dynamical process , but also in the asymptotical behavior .  ⁇ n our analysis shows that the physical mechanism behind this dynamical suppression to decoherence is the formation of a bound state between the qubit and the reservoir .  ⁇ n the no - decaying character of the bound state leads to the inhibition of the decoherence and the residual coherence trapped in the steady state .  ⁇ n a similar vacuum induced coherence trapping in the steady state is also discussed . '
b' we present results from a testbed for adaptive optics ( lao ) .  ⁇ n the testbed uses three spatial light modulators ( slms ) from hamamatsu photonics .  ⁇ n the slms allow us to have nearly 600,000 control elements , far more than any current mems .  ⁇ 
b' we present a systematic analysis of the fourth order gravity , based on the software _ _ mathematica__@xmath0 .  ⁇ n the main topics of the analysis are the field equations and their newtonian approximation , the solution for the gravitational potential and the mathematical models for the galactic componets .  ⁇ n we build the code for the numerical simulation and the data fit between our theoretical curves and the data of the rotation curve of the milky way and the galaxy ngc 3190 . '
b' we investigate the scaling behaviour of fluctuations in the auroral electrojet index @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we use a simple statistical model which is based on the fractional lognormal model , and a generalised fokker - planck model which is based on the generalised fokker - planck equation .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the formation of circumbinary planets in the kepler-16 system using a fully self - consistent hydrodynamical simulation .  ⁇ n we consider the magnetorotational instability ( mri ) as an additional source of perturbations on the planetesimal disk .  ⁇ n we find that mri - driven turbulence is a significant source of perturbations on the planetesimal disk , and that the mri - driven turbulence is a significant source of perturbations on the planetesimal disk .  ⁇ n we also find that the mri - driven turbulence is a significant source of perturbations on the planetesimal disk .  ⁇ n we also find that the mri - driven turbulence is a significant source of perturbations on the planetesimal disk .  ⁇ n we also find that the mri - driven turbulence is a significant source of perturbations on the planetesimal disk .  ⁇ 
b' in this research , we investigate the possibility of the viewing angle change by varying an incidence angle of the illuminating plane wave .  ⁇ n the plane wave illuminating the hologram in other direction than that of the recording process generates diffracted beams emanating to the shifted position of the reconstructed image , which can make the viewing zone with another perspective of the image .  ⁇ n next , in the sampled hologram with pixel structure the method of extending the viewing zone by collecting high - order diffracted beams is proposed .  ⁇ n finally , the numerical analysis for the sampled hologram with pixel structure shows high - order diffraction beams with various viewing zones . '
b' we study the cosmological evolution of a scalar field model with a non - minimal coupling between matter and geometry .  ⁇ n we show that the scalar field is a scalar field with a non - zero kinetic term , and that the scalar field is a scalar field with a non - zero kinetic term .  ⁇ 
b' we report magnetization changes caused by magnetoelastic effects in batio@xmath0 based extrinsic multiferroic hybrid structures .  ⁇ n the experimental results are compared with theoretical predictions based on a product tensor property including piezoelectric and mangetoelastic domain reconfigurations .  ⁇ n the experimental results are compared with experimental data .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new method of determining the fine - structure constant @xmath0 of quasars based on the spectral line ratios of the quasar absorption - line systems .  ⁇ 
b' we present a combined _ rosat _ sample of about 670 agns .  ⁇ n we have constructed a population synthesis model of the cosmic x - ray background ( cxrb ) , using a combination of unabsorbed  ⁇  type 1  ⁇ ' ⁇ ' and intrinsically absorbed  ⁇  type 2  ⁇ ' ⁇ ' agns .  ⁇ 
b' in this paper , we propose a new algorithm for solving the bandwidth multicoloring problem ( bmcp ) .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new method for estimating the extinction along the line - of - sight to a gamma - ray burst ( grb ) .  ⁇ 
b' we present the discovery of three ultracool dwarfs , g1229b , g102 , g141 , and g141 , in the wfc3 infrared spectroscopic parallels ( wisp ) survey .  ⁇ n these discoveries are the first spectroscopic identification of a t dwarf , and the first detection of a t dwarf .  ⁇ 
b' we study the electronic structure of graphene sheets in the presence of a rashba spin - orbit coupling .  ⁇ n we show that the rashba spin - orbit coupling is a crucial ingredient for the electronic structure of graphene .  ⁇ 
b' in this paper , we present a novel video stabilization algorithm for unmanned aerial vehicles ( uavs ) .  ⁇ n the algorithm is based on a spline smoothing method and a fast corner detector to locate the feature points in the frames .  ⁇ n the spline smoothing method is then applied to the frames to ensure instantaneous stabilization .  ⁇ 
b' we compare the recoil - induced resonances ( rir ) and collective atomic recoil laser ( carl ) .  ⁇ n we show that the rir and carl are equivalent , in the sense that they are based on a density matrix approach in the schrdinger picture .  ⁇ n we also show that the rir and carl are equivalent .  ⁇ 
b' we present a simple way to go beyond the mean - field description of rigidity and include local stress corrections .  ⁇ n this is achieved by performing maxwell constraint counting on size - increasing clusters , starting from the short - range level corresponding to the previous mean - field approach .  ⁇ n medium range order effects such as small rings can be taken into account in this construction .  ⁇ n the analysis reveals two transitions : a first one , at which the number of floppy modes vanishe
b' the momentum distribution of nucleons in a nucleus is calculated within the independent particle model .  ⁇ n the momentum distribution is obtained by integrating the spectral function over energies and discrete quantum numbers .  ⁇ 
b' we present a comparative study of the optical photospheric phase spectra of type ib supernovae ( sne ib ) .  ⁇ n the spectra of sne ib are compared with synthetic spectra that we generate with the fast , parameterized , supernova spectrum synthesis code , synow .  ⁇ 
b' we update the model of ref .  ⁇ n @xcite , improving the nuclear structure description of the pionic decay of @xmath0 hypernuclei .  ⁇ n we use a woods - saxon potential of constant depth for each one of the nuclei , and a continuum shell model to describe the positive energy tail of the mesonic decay width .  ⁇ n the model is compared with the experimental data of @xmath1-@xmath3 and @xmath2 , and with the upper bound for @xmath4 .  ⁇ n the model is compared with the experimental data , and with the predictions of the polarization propagator method . '
b' we study the dynamics of domain coarsening in a system in which the domains are composed of stripes .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed analysis of the dynamo processes in the convective zone of a binary star , based on a set of spectropolarimetric data obtained with the eso vlt .  ⁇ n we find that the dynamo process is able to produce large scale magnetic fields ( and especially toroidal field ) very close to the surface of the star , and presumably even throughout the whole convective zone .  ⁇ n we also find that the dynamo process is able to produce large scale magnetic fields ( and especially toroidal field ) very close to the surface , and presumably even throughout the whole convective zone .  ⁇ 
b' we present a 3-d model creation environment .  ⁇ n the madeup language is a custom but traditional language that supports variables , operators , control structures , and modular abstraction .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the effect of the integrated galactic initial mass function ( igimf ) on the abundance ratios of global and individual stars in dwarf galaxies .  ⁇ n we assume that the galaxy - wide imf depends on the star formation rate ( sfr ) and on the metallicity of the parent galaxy .  ⁇ n we solve the equations of the so - called  ⁇  simple model '' and show that the igimf theory is consistent with the observed mass - metallicity relation in galaxies and with the more general fundamental metallicity relation ( fmr ) .  ⁇ n we also show that the igimf theory is consistent with the observed mass - metallicity relation in galaxies and with the more general fundamental metallicity relation .  ⁇ n we also show that the igimf theory is consistent with the observed mass - metallicity relation in galaxies .  ⁇ n we also show that the igimf theory is consistent with the observed mass - metallicity relation in galaxies .  ⁇ n [ firstpage ] galaxie
b' in this introductory part of the talk i will try to identify a few of the main themes and relate them to the approach followed here .  ⁇ n influential papers by deser , t hooft and jackiw on classical and quantum scattering processes demonstrated the possibility of carrying out non - perturbative calculations of such processes .  ⁇ n these indications are elaborated in the later literature , and turn out to be closely related to the quantum group approach pursued in this talk .  ⁇ n the chern - simons formulation of 3d gravity , observed in @xcite and elaborated in @xcite , establishes a connection between 3d gravity and a host of areas in mathematical physics , including topological field theory , knot theory , the theory of poisson - lie groups and of quantum groups .  ⁇ n since this talk is based on the chern - simons formulation of 3d gravity , we will see many of these connections .  ⁇ n since this talk is based on the chern - simons formulation of 3d gravity 
b' the method of simultaneous determination of the level density and radiative strength functions of cascade gamma transitions of a nucleus in the energy intervals @xmath0 and @x
b' the low - field mobility of single - layer mos@xmath0 under biaxial and uniaxial strain is investigated by using ab - initio calculations along with the linearized boltzmann transport equation .  ⁇ n scattering rates due to intrinsic phonon , charge impurities , and remote phonon are taken into account .  ⁇ 
b' we present millimeter continuum images of the class 0 source hh 24 mms .  ⁇ 
b' we present a method to reconstruct charged hyperons containing a or at the lhcb experiment .  ⁇ 
b' the thermodynamic properties of a system of cold atoms tunneling between symmetric adjacent wells and undergoing attractive interactions are studied using the grand canonical ensemble theory .  ⁇ n the system is in thermodynamic equilibrium with a bath at fixed temperature and the number of particles is fixed .  ⁇ 
b' we present deep sdss imaging of a sample of early - type galaxies that are in the process of migrating from the blue cloud to the red sequence via an agn phase .  ⁇ n we find that the incidence of merger features in early - type galaxies does not seem to be significantly enhanced over the general population , as the rate of major mergers accounts for all the mass growth in red galaxies since @xmath0 .  ⁇ 
b' this paper presents a novel system to send relevant video data to the users and home owners .  ⁇ n this system is based on a combination of sensors and microprocessors .  ⁇ n this system is implemented in such a way that it could be integrated with already installed home automation system like , [ 2 ] and [ 4 ] very easily .  ⁇ n this system is able to incorporate some crucial features into its functioning .  ⁇ n this system uses sensors to monitor the presence of trespassers and possible intruders near the home s entry points such as door , windows etc .  ⁇ n this not only saves time but also reduces the overall memory and processing power requirements .  ⁇ n this not only saves time but also reduces the overall memory and processing power requirements .  ⁇ n this not only saves time but also reduces the overall memory and processing power requirements .  ⁇ n this system could also be extended to interact with other devices present in the home premises during an intrusion , in order to maximize security .  ⁇ n since this system works on wireless protocols such as iee
b' we present multi - frequency observations of the quasar pmn j01340931 with the very long baseline array and the hubble space telescope .  ⁇ n the radio data confirm that the sixth and faintest radio component has a significantly different spectral index than the other five components .  ⁇ n the two components that were observed to have larger angular sizes are actually being scatter broadened .  ⁇ n the two components that were observed to have larger angular sizes are actually being scatter broadened .  ⁇ n the angular sizes of the two components are consistent with the expected positions of one of the lens galaxies .  ⁇ n the angular sizes of the two components are consistent with the expected positions of one of the lens galaxies .  ⁇ n the angular sizes of the two components are consistent with the expected positions of one of the lens galaxies .  ⁇ n the angular sizes of the two components are consistent with the expected positions of the two lens galaxies .  ⁇ 
b' we report on the discovery of a second x - ray and optical source in the _ fermi _ error circle , xmmu j083850.38@xmath0282756.8 .  ⁇ 
b' we review over 200 years of history , from their first discovery to modern times .  ⁇ n we break the history into short intervals of mathematical activity , each covered in a different section .  ⁇ 
b' the sdss and 2df surveys are currently constructing catalogs of quasars from a large number of tiled multi - object spectrographs .  ⁇ n the sdss and 2df surveys , however , are often made with a large number of spectrographs , each of which is made under different conditions .  ⁇ n the sdss and 2df surveys , however , are often made with a large number of spectrographs .  ⁇ n the sdss and 2df surveys are based on a large number of spectrographs , each of which is used to record spectra at rates of thousands of objects per night .  ⁇ n the sdss and 2df surveys are based on a large number of spectrographs , and the sdss and 2df surveys are based on a large number of spectrographs .  ⁇ n the sdss and 2df surveys are based on a large number
b' we study the @xmath0-@xmath1 dynamics in nuclear medium .  ⁇ n we apply a qmd plus statistical decay model to the photoreaction .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the temperature and density distribution along four isolated , steady - state , euv loops observed by the _ transition region and coronal explorer _ ( _ trace _ ) .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate a swarm of n agents undergoing a collective decision making process .  ⁇ n the agents are characterized by their current opinion .  ⁇ n the rules are governed by majority and minority rules .  ⁇ n the drift term is used to justify the probabilities and link them to the macroscopic behaviour of the system .  ⁇ n the drift term allows to predict long term system behaviour . '
b' the lsq rr lyrae star ( rrls ) survey is searching the galactic halo for rrls with v magnitudes between 14 and 20 .  ⁇ 
b' rosen s model of living things is a metabolism - repairsystem ( mrsystem ) , where a system is said to be complex if its behavior can not be captured by models of that system ; otherwise , that system is said to be _ simple_. a hyperset is a graphable set in particular , one that can be represented by a hyperset diagram .  ⁇ n a hyperset is said to be complex if its behavior can not be captured by models of that system ; otherwise , that system is said to be _ simple_. a hyperset is said to be complex if its behavior can not be captured by models of that system ; otherwise , that system is said to be _ complex_. a hyperset is said to be complex if its behavior can not be captured by models of that system ; otherwise , that system is said to be _ simple_. a hyperset is said to be complex if it can not be well - formed in standard set theory .  ⁇ n a hyperset is said to be complex if it can not be well
b' the problem of bistability in a system of ordinary differential equations ( ode ) describing a pattern of chemical reactions frequently encountered in cell biology is studied .  ⁇ n it is shown that for a @xmath0-fold futile cycle there exists a unique stationary solution and it is globally asymptotically stable .  ⁇ n the results which follow concern the case @xmath1 of this system , the dual futile cycle .  ⁇ 
b' in this paper , we propose a nonlinear tuned vibration absorber ( nltva ) for suppressing limit cycle oscillations ( lcos ) .  ⁇ n the nltva possesses a linear spring and a nonlinear spring whose mathematical form is determined according to the nonlinearity in the host system .  ⁇ n the optimal values for the linear parameters of the nltva are determined using stability analysis of the coupled system .  ⁇ n the bifurcation analysis of the system shows that the linear and nonlinear coefficients of the nltva can complement each other giving rise to a very effective lco suppression and management strategy .  ⁇ n the analytical results are validated numerically using the matcont software and the global behavior of the system is also carefully discussed .  ⁇ n the nltva is then compared with the nonlinear energy sink ( nes ) , highlighting the better performance of the former absorber . '
b' a review of the rigged hilbert space formalism of the brussels school is presented .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new method to identify the blazar - like counterpart of a gamma - ray source ( ugs ) based on the _ fermi _ large area telescope ( lat ) catalog .  ⁇ 
b' we present an improved semi - analytical method for the calculation of the self - energies and self - energy of a quasi - one dimensional system .  ⁇ n the method is based on _ ab initio _ electronic structure .  ⁇ n the method is extended to the case of singular hopping matrices .  ⁇ n the method is implemented in the nonequilibrium green s function code siesta .  ⁇ 
b' the quark - antiquark potential , generated by the new analytic running coupling , is derived by making use of the fourier transformation .  ⁇ n the asymptotic behavior of the potential at large and small distances is investigated .  ⁇ n the scheme dependence of the potential is discussed briefly .  ⁇ n a simple approximate formula for the potential is proposed which is based on the schwinger - dyson equations .  ⁇ n the scheme dependence of the potential is discussed . '
b' we consider the problem of calculating the branch cuts of expressions in multi - valued functions .  ⁇ n we assume that the definitions of the branch cuts are consistent with those of maple .  ⁇ 
b' we derive the casimir force between two dielectric half planes of charged bosons , based on the boson picture .  ⁇ n the casimir force is derived from the london functional describing the vortices .  ⁇ 
b' we study the scattering of a majorana zero - mode in a superconducting quantum dot ( andreev billiard ) .  ⁇ n we focus in particular on the effect of a majorana zero - mode or majorana bound state in the quantum dot .  ⁇ 
b' we present simulated gamma ray sky maps of the milky way halo .  ⁇ n we show that the gamma ray sky maps are dominated by the annihilation of dark matter particles in caustic spheres and caustic rings .  ⁇ n we also discuss the possibility of detecting gamma rays from the annihilation of dark matter particles in caustic spheres and rings . '
b' in this work , we provide a comprehensive scaling law analysis for multi - cell multi - user massive multiple - input multiple - output ( mimo ) downlink systems with channel spatial correlation , channel state information ( csi ) error , and pilot contamination .  ⁇ 
b' the magnon dispersion of magnetic excitations in the mott insulating compound ca@xmath0ruo@xmath1 is studied using inelastic neutron scattering and density functional theory calculations .  ⁇ n the full dispersion of magnetic excitations in cro reveals a very strong impact of spin - orbit coupling and oxygen moments that lead to an additional branch .  ⁇ n the main in - plane transverse modes exhibit a large anisotropy gap , underlining the impact of broken tetragonal symmetry in combination with spin - orbit coupling .  ⁇ n the main in - plane transverse modes exhibit a large anisotropy gap , underlining the impact of broken tetragonal symmetry in combination with spin - orbit coupling .  ⁇ n the main in - plane transverse modes exhibit a large anisotropy gap , underlining the impact of broken tetragonal symmetry in combination with spin - orbit coupling .  ⁇ n the full dispersion of magnetic excitations in
b' we consider the packing of @xmath0 edges in a @xmath1-vertex hypergraph @xmath2 with disjoint hamilton cycles of type @xmath3 .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the gravitational torque method ( gtm ) , a new method to quantify the strength of bars in disk galaxies .  ⁇ 
b' we show that a revision of the mass radius relation for the lower main sequence , as derived from colour magnitude diagrams of nearby stars , allows an alternative explanation for the period gap of the cataclysmic variable ( cv ) .  ⁇ n this is based on the hypothesis that the effective mass radius index along the period gap region is equal to the local equilibrium index of the main sequence .  ⁇ n we show that far from producing a period gap , this revision in fact produces a pair of period spikes at 3.4 hr and 2.0 hr .  ⁇ n the cv discovery probability between these spikes is no lower than outside them .  ⁇ n we derive the condition for a mass radius relation to produce a period gap , and point out that this is very unlikely to be satisfied by any thermal equilibrium mass radius relation .  ⁇ n finally we briefly consider verbunt s argument , questioning the reality of the period gap . '
b' we present a new method to search for very high energy ( vhe : @xmath0-ray ) @xmath0-rays from radio galaxie
b' the dilepton spectra from @xmath0 and @x
b' we investigate the possibility of observing the process of stimulated raman adiabatic passage ( stirap ) in a waveguide .  ⁇ n we show that the fidelity of the process can be very high , if the resonance condition is fulfilled throughout the whole process .  ⁇ n we also show that the fidelity of the process can be very high . '
"b"" we consider the possibility of detecting the relic stochastic background of gravitational waves from cosmological events far into the early , previously unobservable  ⁇  mesoscopic '' era .  ⁇ n we consider the simplest scenario where the standard model fields are confined to a 3-dimensional brane , a defect in the higher - dimensional space .  ⁇ n we find that the relic background can be produced by a  ⁇  brane '' , a 3-brane , with a radius of curvature @xmath0 mm , and a number of scalar perturbations .  ⁇ n we find that the relic background can be produced by a  ⁇  brane '' , with a radius of curvature @xmath1 mm , and a number of scalar perturbations , with a size @xmath2 mm .  ⁇ n we also find that the relic background can be produced by a  ⁇  brane '' , with
b' we present a study of the quasi - periodic oscillations ( qpos ) in the power spectra of six z sources .  ⁇ 
b' the possibility of the existence of sterile neutrinos with masses nearly degenerate with the masses of active ones is motivated in many theoretical extensions of the standard model .  ⁇ n the so - called pseudo - dirac scenario is motivated in many theoretical extensions of the standard model .  ⁇ n the new generation of neutrino telescopes will be able to probe the very tiny mass difference between sterile and active neutrinos .  ⁇ n we study the effect of the pseudo - dirac neutrinos on the expected flux of cosmic neutrinos coming from astrophysical sources .  ⁇ n we find that the effect of the pseudo - dirac neutrinos on the flavor composition of the cosmic neutrino is negligible .  ⁇ n the effect of the pseudo - dirac neutrinos on the flavor composition of the cosmic neutrinos is also discussed .  ⁇ 
b' we study the evolution of a gaussian random field in the framework of gravitational instability .  ⁇ n we consider the case when the density contrast is small compared to the mean density .  ⁇ n we show that the evolution equations for the fourier modes of the density field are a generalization of the schmalzing - schwinger equations .  ⁇ 
b' we study the adsorption of polyelectrolytes near a single charged surface held at a constant potential .  ⁇ n we present simple scaling arguments describing the adsorption characteristics and compare to experimental data .  ⁇ 
b' we derive exact formulae for the production of lepton pairs in ultrarelativistic heavy ion collisions .  ⁇ n the pion - pion interaction is formulated in terms of a relativistic one boson exchange model .  ⁇ n we discuss the phase space and the corresponding dilepton pair production cross section .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new technique for measuring the time lags between variations in the broad line region ( blr ) and the continuum emission .  ⁇ 
b' the quasicontinuum method is a multiscale reduced - order modelling method that allows for the removal of nodes in the wake of a crack tip .  ⁇ n the method is based on the partition of unity concept , and is a generalization of the extended finite element method .  ⁇ 
b' i present a first principles study of the si(335)-au surface .  ⁇ n the si(335)-au surface is a truncation of the si(557)-au surface .  ⁇ n the siesta code is used to perform standard pseudopotential density functional calculations .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the interstellar @xmath0-ray emission from the second galactic quadrant , at @xmath1 , @xmath2 .  ⁇ n the region has been selected because of the presence of conspicuous atomic and molecular complexes and the good kinematic separation between the different structures seen along the line of sight .  ⁇ n the analysis is based on the _ fermi _ large area telescope ( lat ) data for the second galactic quadrant .  ⁇ n the results are compared with the predictions of galprop , a widely used code for cosmic ray propagation .  ⁇ n the results are consistent with an independent study of lat measurements at intermediate galactic latitudes in the third quadrant .  ⁇ n the @xmath0-ray emissivity of atomic gas in the gould belt is estimated by comparing the 21 cm line of the @xmath3 hyperfine transition with the radio data .  ⁇ n the @xmath0-ray emissivity of atomic gas in the goul
b' we prove that two smooth projective varieties related by a semismall flop ( ) have isomorphic chow motives with coefficients in a local ring .  ⁇ n this is a style intermediating between the two ends of the conjecture .  ⁇ n we also show that the singular cohomology groups of a smooth variety are unchanged under semismall flops . '
b' the separable potential model for meson - baryon interactions in the strange sector is extended to include the effects of the p - wave .  ⁇ n the p - wave contribution is found to be sufficient for the kaon incident momentum up to 200 mev .  ⁇ 
b' we study the gravitational collapse of a supermassive star ( sms ) .  ⁇ n we find that the onset of radial instability at the mass shedding limit takes place at @xmath0 ( @xmath1 is the angular momentum , @xmath2 is the total gravitational energy ) in the uniformly rotating sms .  ⁇ n we also find that the final fate of a collapsing star of @
b' we present the results of a radial - velocity search for planetary companions to l dwarfs .  ⁇ n we have used the @xmath0 absorption cell and th - ar comparison lamp techniques to search for planetary companions to l dwarfs .  ⁇ n we have found a total of 89 l dwarfs with a period of @xmath1 .  ⁇ 
"b"" we use an  ⁇  inverse '' approach to construct disordered ground states with precisely tuned wave scattering characteristics .  ⁇ n we first establish that systematically increasing the system size has no effect on the degree of disorder .  ⁇ n extrapolation from these results indicates that the constructed configurations remain disordered in the infinite - volume limit ; a seemingly counterintuitive proposition .  ⁇ n we then construct disordered ground states with special scattering properties :  ⁇  stealth materials , ''  ⁇  super - ideal gases , '' and  ⁇  equi - luminous materials '' . """
b' we investigate the statistical properties of eigenstates of a chaotic system .  ⁇ n the eigenfunctions of the chaotic system are strongly enhanced by the large number of principal basis components participating in an eigenfunction of a chaotic system .  ⁇ n the eigenfunctions of protactinium are found to have @xmath0 .  ⁇ 
b' we discuss a scheme to prepare @xmath0 two - level atoms in an _ arbitrary _ entangled state .  ⁇ n we discuss a recent proposal to entangle atoms in a photonic band gap .  ⁇ n we illustrate different methods to verify highly entangled states for a few atoms . '
b' a rigorous procedure for extracting quantities of phenomenological interest from qcd sum rules is presented .  ⁇ n the main conclusion of this investigation is that qcd sum rules work and they are predictive when the analysis is done rigorously .  ⁇ n the ground state masses of the @xmath0-meson and the nucleon are used to introduce the concepts .  ⁇ n the goal is to shed light on the stability of qcd sum rule analyses and thus the accuracy to which observables may be reliably determined .  ⁇ n the results of this investigation are compared with those of lattice regularized qcd .  ⁇ n the results of the analysis are compared with those of the continuum model .  ⁇ n the results of the analysis are compared with those of the continuum model .  ⁇ n the results of the analysis are compared with those of the continuum model .  ⁇ n the results of the analysis are compared with those of the continuum model .  ⁇ n the results of the analysis of the @xmath0-meson and the nucleon
b' we report theoretical and experimental studies of spin diffusion in intrinsic semiconductors without an externally applied electric field .  ⁇ n the carrier system is composed of spin - up electrons , spin - down electrons , and holes , within the excitation spot .  ⁇ n the carrier system is dominated by drift and diffusion of spin - polarized electrons , analog to unipolar carrier transport .  ⁇ n the diffusion of electron - hole pairs is driven by the density gradient , and is temporally and spatially resolved by measuring the differential transmission of a linearly polarized probe pulse experimental set - up .  ⁇ n the carrier system is characterized by a polarization - dependent density gradient , and is characterized by a polarization - dependent spin density .  ⁇ n the spin density is detected by analyzing the polarization state of the other portion of the transmitted probe pulse .  ⁇ n the spin density is measured by analyzing the polarization state of the other portion of the transmitted probe pulse .  ⁇ 
b' we present the design and calibration results for a new instrument , the dual - beam imaging polarimeter ( dbip ) , for the uh 88-inch telescope .  ⁇ n dbip is capable of simultaneously measuring both orthogonal polarization states for point sources to an accuracy of better than @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the observing scheme has been designed to make these measurements independent of flat field effects as well
b' we review the point contact spectroscopy of point contacts containing dynamical defects .  ⁇ n the point contact spectroscopy is a very powerful tool to study the energy relaxation and dephasing processes of the electrons at low temperature .  ⁇ n the point contact spectroscopy is a very powerful tool to study the electron scattering by dynamical defects .  ⁇ n the point contact spectroscopy is a very powerful tool to study the electron - phonon interaction in metallic systems .  ⁇ n the point contact spectroscopy is a very powerful tool to study the electron scattering by dynamical defects .  ⁇ n the point contact spectroscopy is a very powerful tool to study the electron scattering by dynamical defects .  ⁇ n the point contact spectroscopy is a very powerful tool to study the energy relaxation and dephasing processes of the electrons at low temperature .  ⁇ n the point contact spectroscopy is a very powerful tool to study the electron scattering by dynamical defects .  ⁇ n the point contact spectroscopy is a very powerful tool to
b' we construct a set of wannier functions that are symmetry - adapted to the magnetic group of a material .  ⁇ n these wannier functions are symmetry - adapted to the full space group of the material .  ⁇ 
b' we discuss some current works addressing the evolution of galaxies , mostly of technical nature , but with a strong impact on the final result .  ⁇ n we suggest some comments about some current works addressing evolutionary studies , mostly of technical nature , but with a strong impact on the final result .  ⁇ n we suggest here some comments about some current works addressing evolutionary studies , mostly of technical nature , but with a strong impact on the final result .  ⁇ n # 1_#1 _ # 1_#1 _ = # 1 1.25 in .125 in .25 in '
b' we present a theoretical study of the fate of metal - rich accretion onto solar - type stars .  ⁇ n we analyze the consequences of such events on the abundances of light elements .  ⁇ n we compare our results with the presently available observations , and give some predictions and discussion for future work . '
b' we present a detailed analysis of the kinematics of the gas in a massive ( @xmath0k ) dark matter halo , with virial temperatures @
b' we present a study of the eclipsing x - ray binary system 7 .  ⁇ 
b' the eas experiment kascade is a prototype of a muon tracking detector .  ⁇ n the muon track in air showers is not coplanar with the shower axi
b' we compare the luminosity functions of five recent studies using one or more luminosity criteria to derive from each the expected source counts and the euclidean value of @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the results of these studies are presented in detail in fenimore and ramirez - ruiz ( 2000 ) , schmidt ( 2001 ) , schaefer , deng and band ( 2001 ) , lloyd - ronning , fryer , and norris ( 2002 ) , and norris ( 2002 ) .  ⁇ n the luminosity functions derived from these studies show considerable divergence , partly caused by differences in the cosmological parameters adopted by the authors .  ⁇ n we also derive from each of the five luminosity functions the expected source counts and the euclidean value of @xmath0 . '
b' we study the integrated density of states of a neumann laplacian on a supercritical bernoulli bond - percolation graph .  ⁇ n we show that the percolating cluster produces a _ van hove asymptotics _  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the functional relevance of communities in the yeast proteome .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the scheme of hysteresis jumps in the main branches of i - v characteristics of the high t@xmath0 superconductor bi@xmath1sr@xmath1ca@xmath2c@xmath1o@xmath3 .  ⁇ n it is shown that the scheme of hysteresis jumps is a nonlinear effect among phase - differences through the charging effect .  ⁇ n the dissipation in the superconducting layer is introduced phenomenologically through the charge relaxation .  ⁇ n the scheme of hysteresis jumps is obtained by increasing applied current gradually up to certain value and then decreasing .  ⁇ n it turns out that the resistive dissipation in the insulating layer works to damp the motion of phase - differences in each junction , while the charge relaxation in the superconducting layer works to damp relative motions of phase - differences among neighboring junctions .  ⁇ n this fact affects the way of formation of hy
b' we present a functional renormalization group calculation of the resistivity and the angular dependent magnetoresistance of the overdoped cuprate tl2201 .  ⁇ n we find that the resistivity is a function of temperature and angular , @xmath0 , and the inverse hole density .  ⁇ n the temperature dependence of the resistivity is found to be consistent with a linear resistivity , @xmath1 , with a coefficient proportional to the inverse hole density .  ⁇ n the temperature dependence of the resistivity is found to be consistent with a linear resistivity .  ⁇ 
b' we study the non - equilibrium steady state of active cytoskeletal material confined to droplets .  ⁇ n we use a 1-component model to model the deformation of the droplet and the deformation of the interface .  ⁇ n we find that the deformation of the droplet is strongly coupled to the deformation of the interface .  ⁇ n we also find that the deformation of the droplet is strongly coupled to the deformation of the interface .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the evolution of massive stars with the spherically symmetric equation of state .  ⁇ n the equation of state is derived from the spherically symmetric model .  ⁇ n the equation of state is derived from the spherically symmetric model .  ⁇ n the equation of state is derived from the spherically symmetric model .  ⁇ n the equation of state is derived from the spherically symmetric model .  ⁇ n the equation of state is derived from the spherically symmetric model .  ⁇ n the equation of state is derived from the spherically symmetric model .  ⁇ n the equation of state is derived from the spherically symmetric model .  ⁇ n the equation of state is derived from the spherically symmetric model .  ⁇ n the equation of state is derived from the spherically symmetric model .  ⁇ n the equation of state is derived from the spherically symmetric model .  ⁇ n the equation of state is obtained from
b' we present a model of the quiescent black hole soft x - ray transient sxt j1744 + 0033 .  ⁇ 
b' we theoretically investigate the quantum statistical properties of the light generated in an off - resonant rydberg - electromagnetically induced transparency protocol .  ⁇ n we show that , under some assumptions , the system effectively behaves as a large spin coupled to the cavity mode .  ⁇ n we then compute the steady - state second - order correlation function to characterize the emission of photons out of the cavity .  ⁇ n our numerical simulations suggest that the bunched or antibunched nature of the outgoing light as well as its coherence time may be controlled through adjusting the detuning between the cavity mode and probe field frequencies . '
b' we present new calibrations for several indirect metallicity indicators , based on high resolution spectra of more than 160 red giants .  ⁇ 
b' we report on the compartmentalization of potassium channels by cortical actin cytoskeletons in live cells .  ⁇ n we employ superresolution imaging and single - particle tracking to elucidate the dynamics of membrane proteins .  ⁇ n we find that the dynamics of individual voltage - gated potassium channels kv1.4 and kv2.1 exhibit anomalous diffusion on the cell surface .  ⁇ 
b' we extend our previous work @xcite to the setting of macdonald symmetric functions .  ⁇ n we construct a family of pairwise commuting operators such that the jack symmetric functions of the infinitely many variables are their eigenfunctions .  ⁇ n we express these commuting operators in terms of the hall - littlewood symmetric functions of the variables and of the parameter .  ⁇ n we also compute the limits at @xmath0 of the heckman operators acting on all polynomials in the variables .  ⁇ n we also show that the cherednik operators have limits at @xmath1 .  ⁇ n we also reformulate the main result by introducing a certain matrix with operator entries acting on the rational functions of the variables .  ⁇ n this matrix is closely related to the classical lax matrix of the trigonometric ruijs matrices .  ⁇ 
b' a new approach for bayesian inference from large complex models is proposed .  ⁇ n the proposed method is based on a stationary fokker planck sampling strategy .  ⁇ n the proposed method is applicable to a number of applications , including the construction of efficient maximum likelihood and incremental learning methods .  ⁇ n the proposed method is tested on three layered artificial neural networks of increasing size .  ⁇ n a classification benchmark problem and two regression problems consisting of real time series with well documented difficulty and experimental interest are considered .  ⁇ n a discussion of the approach in the larger context of monte carlo methods for sampling is also presented . '
b' we present a detailed analysis of the gamma - ray emission from the dense molecular cloud surrounding the supernova remnant rxj1713.7 - 3946 .  ⁇ 
b' we report on the measurement of the magnetoconductance of a superconducting lc resonator .  ⁇ n the resonator is a superconducting lc resonator with a capacitive capacitance of @xmath0 .  ⁇ 
b' the altman s z - score is the most popular metric for predicting the bankruptcy of financial firms .  ⁇ n it is highly sensitive to small variations in the financial statement figures due to its dependency on them .  ⁇ n this leads to an exaggerated z - score in case they are manipulated .  ⁇ n therefore , the bankruptcy probability predictions using altman s z - score would cause significant levels of type - i errors ( classifying bankrupt firms as non - bankrupt ) .  ⁇ n further , the z - score is biased to small variations in the financial statement figures due to its dependency on them .  ⁇ n moreover , the z - score may be adjusted by including the earnings management in the computation procedure .  ⁇ n the proposed index is designed using a nonlinear form of financial ratios .  ⁇ n the index is based on a pearson type 3 distribution and the pearson type 3 distribution is fitted to the newly developed z - score .  ⁇ n the proposed index is compared with those being employed widely by
b' we study the possibility of having naturally light dirac neutrinos with seesaw induced masses within the framework of the simplest four - dimensional gauge structure , without non - abelian discrete flavor symmetries .  ⁇ n we impose a cyclic flavor blind 53 symmetry in a theory with enlarged symmetry breaking sector : two higgs doublets and a singlet .  ⁇ n we find that the resulting model has an accidental spontaneously broken u(1 ) symmetry that leads to the seesaw mechanism as well as the dirac nature of neutrinos .  ⁇ n the smallness of neutrino mass follows from the smallness of a parameter @xmath0 whose absence would increase the symmetry of the electroweak breaking sector , ensuring naturalness in t hooft s sense .  ⁇ n we discuss some phenomenological features of the scheme which follow from the existence of a _ diracon _  ⁇ n namely , the nambu goldstone boson associated to the spontaneous breaking of the global accidental
b' we study the kinetic friction of a small number of inelastic particles by numerical simulations .  ⁇ n the kinetic friction is analyzed by assuming a potential between the intervening particle and the top ( or bottom ) surface .  ⁇ n the kinetic friction is analyzed by a gaussian distribution of the kinetic friction .  ⁇ n the kinetic friction is found to be proportional to the square of the shear velocity , @xmath0 , where @xmath1 is the number of inelastic particles .  ⁇ n the kinetic friction is found to be proportional to the square of the shear velocity .  ⁇ n the kinetic friction is found to be proportional to the square of the shear velocity .  ⁇ n the kinetic friction is found to be proportional to the square of the shear velocity .  ⁇ n the kinetic friction is found to be proportional to the square of the shear velocity .  ⁇ n the kinetic friction is found to be proportional to the square of the shear velocity .  ⁇ n the kinetic friction is found
b' we present the first detailed study of periodic orbits in triaxial models with weak cusps , @xmath0 , characteristic of bright elliptical galaxies .  ⁇ n the orbits are characterized by a resonant orbit that avoids the center .  ⁇ n the orbits are characterized by a gaussian distribution of stationary points , and by a gaussian distribution of stationary points .  ⁇ 
b' the bicep2 and polarbear data are used to constrain the tilt of the tensor power spectrum of inflation .  ⁇ n the string gas cosmology , null energy condition ( nec ) violating inflation and general initial condition are addressed .  ⁇ 
b' we have calculated the mean free path ( mfp ) and emissivity of the neutrinos in the relativistic degenerate plasma .  ⁇ n the results show significant improvement of the previous results .  ⁇ n one of the qualitative change is the appearance of fractional powers in @xmath0 ( where t is the temperature and @xmath1 is the chemical potential of the degenerate quark matter ) in the expressions of mfp and emissivity as one goes beyond leading order corrections .  ⁇ n subsequently we have studied the cooling behaviour of the neutron star where the quantitative estimations have been made both for the lo and nlo corrections .  ⁇ n it is seen that over all corrections to the quantities like mfp and emissivity are significant compared to the fermi liquid results . '
b' we present a large multi - epoch , multi - frequency data - set of vlbi images of the bl lac object markarian 501 .  ⁇ n new observations as well as previously published data are used to study the physical properties of this source .  ⁇ n in particular , we discuss the pc - scale jet morphology , velocity and orientation .  ⁇ 
b' we study the mutually unbiased ( mu ) bases of the space @xmath0 , a product of two hilbert spaces .  ⁇ n we show that the maximal number of mu bases for @xmath1 is @xmath2 .  ⁇ n we also show that the maximal number of mu bases for @xmath3 is @xmath4 . '
b' we study the entropy of black holes in modified @xmath0 gravity .  ⁇ n we consider two examples , schwarzschild and schwarzschild - de sitter black holes , and discuss the stability conditions as well as the existence of a schwarzschild black hole solution .  ⁇ n we also discuss the stability conditions and the existence of a schwarzschild - de sitter black hole solution . '
"b"" we present the results of a survey of foundational attitudes toward quantum mechanics , based on the  ⁇  snapshot of foundational attitudes toward quantum mechanics '' taken by schlosshauer , kofler , and zeilinger ( skz ) .  ⁇ n the survey was arranged to give the same poll to attendees at  ⁇  quantum theory without observers iii '' held in bielefeld , germany in late april 2013 .  ⁇ n the survey was based on a  ⁇  skz s '' survey , which was a  ⁇  snapshot of foundational attitudes toward quantum mechanics '' .  ⁇ n the survey was complemented by a few remarks and comments .  ⁇ n the survey was complemented by a few remarks .  ⁇ n the survey was able to reveal the existence ( and prevalence ) of different viewpoints , not well represented in the original survey .  ⁇ n the survey was also able to reveal the extent and nature of the controversy surrounding certain key issues .  ⁇ n the survey was 
b' we study the motion of two co - orbital bodies in a rotating coordinate system .  ⁇ n we find that many forces can produce similar relative motion of the bodies .  ⁇ n even repulsive forces result in tandem motion of the bodies .  ⁇ n we also present some simple analytical considerations .  ⁇ n we show that the ion thruster effect can be engineered with different model potentials .  ⁇ n we also show that the ion thruster effect can be engineered with different model potentials .  ⁇ n we also show that the ion thruster effect can be engineered with different model potentials .  ⁇ n pacs numbers : 04.20.db , 04.20.ds , 04.20.gz '
b' we examine the virial mass scaling relations of sdss quasars in the mass - luminosity plane .  ⁇ n we find that the quasar locus in the mass - luminosity plane is a combination of a real , underlying physical boundary , sdss selection , statistical uncertainty , and systematic uncertainty .  ⁇ n the eddington luminosity and sub - eddington boundary characterise the quasars with the highest eddington ratio .  ⁇ n the eddington luminosity and sub - eddington boundary characterise the quasars with the highest eddington ratio .  ⁇ n the eddington luminosity and sub - eddington boundary characterise the quasars with the highest eddington ratio .  ⁇ n the eddington luminosity and sub - eddington boundary characterise the quasars with the highest eddington ratio .  ⁇ n the eddington luminosity and sub - eddington boundary characterise the
b' the landau - pomeranchuk - migdal effect is investigated in the high energy region of the super proton synchrotron .  ⁇ n the migdal formula is used to calculate the synchrotron radiation spectrum .  ⁇ n the kink in the radiation spectrum obtained from migdal s formula is found to be a factor of two smaller than the bethe - heitler level .  ⁇ 
b' in - network function computation is one of the fundamental paradigms that increases the efficiency of sensor networks vs - a - vs conventional data networks .  ⁇ n the baseline approach for performing such tasks is to aggregate all the data at a central node and then perform offline computations .  ⁇ n however , from the perspective of designing network algorithms , in - network function computation poses a greater challenge than data networks , as the freedom to combine and compress packets , as long as the desired information is preserved , destroys the flow conservation laws central to data networks .  ⁇ n we develop a queue - based framework for such systems , and use it to design and analyze network algorithms .  ⁇ n we refer to cross - layer algorithms that jointly perform the following tasks : 1 .  ⁇ n aggregating _ the data at nodes via in - network computation , 2 . routing _ packets between nodes , and 3 . scheduling _ links between nodes for packet transmission .  ⁇ n our focus in this paper is to develop a queue - based framework
b' we study the heavy meson interactions for the spin - parity @xmath0 , @xmath1 , @xmath2 doublets .  ⁇ n the model is based on an effective constituent quark - meson lagrangian containing both light and heavy degrees of freedom .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the magnetism of cscl - type fese by using the total - energy all - electron full - potential linearized augmented plane - wave calculations .  ⁇ n the local spin density approximation ( lsda ) and the generalized gradient approximation ( gga ) were considered for the exchange - correlation potentials .  ⁇ n the cscl - type fese demonstrates both ferromagnetism and antiferromagnetism over a wide range of lattice constants in terms
b' we consider a half - duplex amplify - and - forward relay link with @xmath0 antennas at the source and a single antenna at both the relay and the destination .  ⁇ n the source and the relay are assumed to have the long - term covariance information of a slowly varying source - relay channel , and the optimum source covariance is determined .  ⁇ n a nonconventional powerful approach based on one of the stochastic orders , the laplace transform order , is adopted to determine the optimum source precoding matrix ( or equivalently , the covariance matrix ) .  ⁇ n a special case of precoding , i.e. , beamforming , occurs when the covariance matrix is of rank one , which has appealing reduced complexity but may not always be capacity - optimum .  ⁇ n all our results subsume as a special case those for traditional multiple - input single - output ( miso ) precoding with channel mean feedback .  ⁇ n we also derive the necessary and sufficient condition
b' in this paper , we present a new approach to the generation of high resolution ( hr ) digital elevation models ( dems ) based on the use of hr topographic data .  ⁇ 
b' we consider the problem of graph list colouring in the on - line setting .  ⁇ n the vertices of a graph are pre - assigned lists of colours , and the task is to properly colour the graph so that every vertex receives a colour from its list .  ⁇ n we study the problem from a theoretical point of view and resolve several open questions on this subject .  ⁇ 
b' we study the dynamics of two or more dark solitons in an inhomogeneous atomic bose - einstein condensate , focusing on the role of soliton - sound interactions .  ⁇ n we show that , within mean field theory , the interaction of dark solitons can be mediated by the emission / absorption of sound waves over a long range , without ever approaching close to each other .  ⁇ n we suggest an experiment that could probe such an effect . '
b' we present a study of the azimuthal color / age gradients across spiral arms and bars , based on a sample of 92 spiral galaxies .  ⁇ 
b' we have followed the dynamical evolution of five star clusters with equal - mass stars by performing @xmath0-body simulations .  ⁇ n we have found that the first binary is formed in the core of the cluster .  ⁇ n we have analyzed in detail how this binary formed , with how many other stars involved , and in what kind of step - by - step process .  ⁇ n we have found that the first binary is formed in the core of the cluster , and that the first binary is formed in the core of the cluster .  ⁇ n we have also found that the first binary is formed in the core of the cluster , and that the first binary is formed in the core of the cluster .  ⁇ n we have also found that the first binary is formed in the core of the cluster , and that the second binary is formed in the core of the cluster .  ⁇ n we have also found that the first binary is formed in the core of the cluster , and that the first binary is formed in the core of the cluster .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the photon statistics of a driven optical cavity coupled to an ensemble of two level atoms .  ⁇ n we consider a model of a single two level atom interacting with a single mode field .  ⁇ 
b' we study theoretically nanoelectromechanical effects in doubly - clamped suspended carbon nanotubes .  ⁇ n we show that a gate bends the tube , changes the stress and thus influences the electric and mechanical properties .  ⁇ n we show that intrinsic bistability occurs when the tube is strained .  ⁇ n we also show that the initial strain on the eigenmodes is a function of the gate voltage .  ⁇ n we also show that the gate voltage bends the tube , changes the stress and thus influences the electric and mechanical properties . '
b' we investigate the morphology of isolated galaxies using sdss dr7 supplemented by bright galaxies from various catalogs .  ⁇ n we find that the morphology of isolated galaxies within the virial radius of a galaxy is likely to resemble each other through the hydrodynamical interactions .  ⁇ n we also demonstrate that the morphology of galaxies within the virial radius of a galaxy is likely to resemble each other through the hydrodynamical interactions .  ⁇ n we find that the morphology of galaxies within the virial radius of a galaxy is likely to resemble each other through the hydrodynamical interactions .  ⁇ n we also find that the morphology of galaxies within the virial radius of a galaxy is likely to resemble each other through the hydrodynamical interactions .  ⁇ 
b' we use the two - dimensional @xmath0-space correlation function to study the large - scale coherent infall of lyman - break galaxies .  ⁇ n we find that the infall amplitudes are @xmath1-space distortions , with @xmath2 , @xmath3 , and @xmath4 .  ⁇ 
b' we introduce a method to automatically estimate sizes of objects , without explicit human supervision , leveraging both visual and textual observations .  ⁇ n our approach is to leverage the transitive nature of size information by maximizing the likelihood of both visual and textual observations .  ⁇ 
b' we study the formation and evolution of supermassive black holes ( smbhs ) in the central regions of galaxie
b' we present a method to extract the differential phase of atom interferometers operated in a gradiometer configuration , without any biasing or an a priori knowledge of the noise distribution .  ⁇ n we show that sensitivities close to the quantum projection noise limit can be obtained .  ⁇ n atom interferometers , differential phase , gradiometer , quantum projection noise , gradiometer , gradiometer , gradiometer , gradiometer , gradiometer , quantum projection noise '
b' we study the dynamics of a wave packet in a condensed - phase environment .  ⁇ n we show that the concept of wave packets is applicable in the presence of strong system - bath coupling .  ⁇ 
b' we study the squeezing of a single quantum input field by a degenerate parametric amplifier .  ⁇ n we consider a set up involving a simple beam splitter to introduce the feedback loop .  ⁇ n we study the case where the internal degrees of freedom have been eliminated .  ⁇ 
b' we show that certain algebraic properties of quandles imply that the cocycle invariant is constant , or takes some restricted form , for classical knots .  ⁇ n in particular , we prove that several specific rig quandles , including some of those conjectured in @xcite , have constant cocycle invariant values for all classical knots for some non - trivial @xmath0-cocycles . '
b' we study dynamical responses of a quasiperiodically forced hodgkin - huxley neuron .  ⁇ n we find that the response of the hh neuron is dominated by a self - sustained oscillation .  ⁇ n the response of the hh neuron is governed by a conductance - based model .  ⁇ n we find that the response of the hh neuron is dominated by a strange nonchaotic ( sn ) oscillating state .  ⁇ n the sn oscillating state is characterized by a period - doubling bifurcation .  ⁇ n the transition from a periodic to a chaotic oscillation is found to occur via period - doubling bifurcations .  ⁇ n effect of the quasiperiodic forcing on this period - doubling route to chaotic oscillation is particularly investigated by adding another independent ac stimulus source .  ⁇ n the dynamical routes to sn oscillations are identified , like the case of the quasiperiodically forced logistic map .
b' the isospin - violating form factors of the nucleon are calculated in su(2 ) chiral perturbation theory .  ⁇ n the leading moments of the form factors , magnetic moment and electric and magnetic radius terms are analyzed .  ⁇ 
b' we study the hawking radiation in the rotating black hole embedded in the gdel universe .  ⁇ n we calculate the greybody factor of scalar particles in this kerr gdel black hole and show rich physics brought by the rotation parameter @
b' the positron fraction in cosmic rays is a function of the energy .  ⁇ n the positron fraction is a function of the energy .  ⁇ n the positron fraction is a function of the energy .  ⁇ n the positron fraction is a function of the energy .  ⁇ n the positron fraction is a function of the energy .  ⁇ n the positron fraction is a function of the energy .  ⁇ n the positron fraction is a function of the energy .  ⁇ n the positron fraction is a function of the energy .  ⁇ n the positron fraction is a function of the energy .  ⁇ n the positron fraction is a function of the energy .  ⁇ n the positron fraction is a function of the energy .  ⁇ n the positron fraction is a function of the energy .  ⁇ n the positron fraction is a function of the energy .  ⁇ n the positron fraction is a function of the energy .  ⁇ n the positron fraction is 
b' we present a new determination of the stellar luminosity function ( lf ) of the galactic thick disk and halo , based on a sample of 89 globular clusters .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the bifurcation structure of globally coupled piecewise fractional linear maps , where each individual map has a smooth invariant density .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new model for @xmath0-ray emission from pulsars based on the _ fermi _ large area telescope ( lat ) data .  ⁇ n the model is based on the idea that the @xmath0-ray emission from pulsars is emitted in wide beams from the outer magnetosphere .  ⁇ n the model is based on the polar cap emission model , which is a generalization of the slot - gap model .  ⁇ n the model is based on the _ fermi _ lat data , and is based on the _ fermi _ lat data .  ⁇ n the model is based on the _ fermi _ lat data , and is based on the _ fermi _ lat data .  ⁇ 
b' we study the gravitational waves produced during the super - inflation .  ⁇ n we include the inverse volume corrections to the equation for evolution of the tensor modes and then calculate the spectrum of the gravitons .  ⁇ n we find that the spectrum of the gravitons is very sensitive to the quantum corrections .  ⁇ n we also find that the spectrum of the gravitons is very sensitive to the quantum corrections . '
b' we present a navigation model based on finsler geometry .  ⁇ n the influence of a possible drift ( wind ) in the navigation cosmolgical model makes the expanding universe accelerated .  ⁇ n we find that the predictions of the navigation cosmological model could account for the observations of riess and perlmutter on distant supernovae .  ⁇ n in instead of defining an inner product structure over the tangent bundle in the finsler geometry , we define an inner product structure over the tangent bundle in the finsler geometry .  ⁇ n we find that the predictions of the navigation cosmological model could account for the observations of riess and perlmutter on distant supernovae . '
b' the edge experiment has conducted a global measurement of the redshifted @xmath0-cm signal , a direct tracer of the bulk properties of the intergalactic medium ( igm ) during cosmic dawn and the epoch of reionization ( eor ) .  ⁇ 
b' the supersymmetry working group at the 1996 snowmass workshop examined the supersymmetry potential of the cern large hadron collider ( lhc ) and the next linear collider ( nlc ) .  ⁇ n the group concluded that the lhc and nlc will be complementary approaches to the study of the superparticles and their properties .  ⁇ n i will report on some preliminary steps taken in this direction by the supersymmetry working group . '
b' these lecture notes give an introduction to string field theory and review some recent work which incorporates d - branes into the framework of string field theory .  ⁇ n this work shows that string field theory is a sufficiently robust framework that distinct string backgrounds can arise as disconnected solutions of the theory , at least for open strings .  ⁇ n it remains to be seen whether this success can be replicated in the closed string sector .  ⁇ n we give an introduction to witten s cubic bosonic open string field theory and summarize the conjectures made by sen in 1999 .  ⁇ n we also summarize evidence for sen s conjectures .  ⁇ n finally , we summarize some more recent developments . '
b' this paper deals with fractional - order hybrid control systems .  ⁇ n in particular , two types of such techniques are reviewed , robust control of switching systems and different reset control strategies , respectively , and analysed using the theory developed for fractional - order hybrid control systems in part ii .  ⁇ n experimental and simulated examples are given to demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed strategies .  ⁇ n fractional - order hybrid control , robust control , fractional - order hybrid control , fractional - order hybrid control , robust control , robust control , reset control '
b' we present a projector augmented wave ( paw ) method for performing density functional theory ( dft ) calculations on real - space grids .  ⁇ 
b' we report the discovery of 345s pulsations from the x ray pulsar saxj0103.27209 in the small magellanic cloud ( smc ) .  ⁇ 
b' we study the stochastic dynamics of micron and nanoscale cantilevers in a viscous fluid .  ⁇ n we show that the dynamics of the cantilever can be described by the navier - stokes equations with no - slip and stress continuity boundary conditions at the solid surfaces .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new global model of the solar corona , based on the space weather modeling framework .  ⁇ n the model includes the transition region between the chromosphere and the corona , where non - mhd thermodynamic terms of energy transport , such as electron heat conduction , radiative losses , and coronal heating all become important .  ⁇ n the model is validated and tested on a set of euv imaging observations .  ⁇ n we find that the model is able to reproduce the observed euv - dominated euv - dominated euv - dominated euv - dominated euv - dominated euv - dominated euv - dominated euv - dominated euv - dominated euv - dominated euv - dominated euv - dominated euv - dominated euv - dominated euv - dominated euv - 
b' we investigate the optical properties of condensed polaritons in semiconductor microcavities .  ⁇ n we focus our attention on absorption , photoluminescence and resonant rayleigh scattering .  ⁇ n we show that resonant rayleigh scattering , the coherent scattering by disorder of polaritons into directions other than that of the original probe , represents a powerful tool for investigating the condensed phase .  ⁇ n in particular , we show that strong emission from the collective sound mode both above and below the chemical potential can be seen in the rrs spectrum , allowing a direct probe of the collective excitation properties of the polariton condensate .  ⁇ n in particular , we show that strong emission from the collective sound mode both above and below the chemical potential can be seen in the rrs spectrum , allowing a direct probe of the collective excitation properties of the polariton condensate . '
b' i describe a project to build a parallel phd system for a large - scale physics or engineering problem .  ⁇ n the project was funded by the lawrence livermore national laboratory ( llnl ) and the department of applied science ( das ) .  ⁇ 
b' we study a kinetic model of opinion formation in a multi - agent society , in which the agents are allowed to depend on two variables , denoting knowledge and wealth respectively .  ⁇ n we assume that the agents are allowed to choose between two choices of conviction , and that the degree of conviction is a random variable .  ⁇ n we show that , in the case of knowledge , the society reaches a steady distribution of opinions , with properties which are related to it .  ⁇ n we also show that , in the case of knowledge , the society reaches a consensus , where one of the two choices ( positive or negative ) provided to the individuals prevails .  ⁇ n we also show that , beyond a certain value of conviction , the society reaches a consensus , where one of the two choices ( positive or negative ) provided to the individuals prevail , thereby spontaneously breaking a discrete symmetry .  ⁇ n we also show that , in the case of knowledge , the society reaches a consensus , where one of the two choices ( positive or negative 
b' we have studied the geometry of space in the 4d quantum gravity with one u(1 ) gauge field .  ⁇ 
b' we present a scheme to implement a quantum cryptographic system , based on the use of a weak pulse .  ⁇ 
b' we study the phenomenology of congested traffic .  ⁇ n we show that the probability of lane changes decreases considerably with increasing density , when most of the data belonging to wide moving jams are removed .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new approach to calculate reaction rates in molecular dynamics .  ⁇ n the method is based on the transition interface sampling ( tis ) technique .  ⁇ 
b' we study the spectral peak energy ( @xmath0 ) and isotropic equivalent energy ( ) correlations of gamma - ray bursts ( grbs ) using the suzaku gamma - ray observatory .  ⁇ 
b' the derivation of the black hole evaporation is reviewed .  ⁇ 
b' we present a statistically robust analysis of the large - scale structure around the virgo cluster .  ⁇ n we use a sample of 9168 galaxies with available radial velocities in the region 115 deg @xmath0 @xmath1 r.a.(j2000 ) @xmath1 240 deg and @
b' we consider the problem of the quantum bouncer in the context of the generalized uncertainty principle in the form @xmath0=i ⁇ hbar(1+ ⁇ beta p ⁇ 2)$ ] where @xmath1 is the generalized uncertainty principle parameter .  ⁇ n we use two equivalent nonperturbative representations which exactly satisfy the modified commutation relation and find the gup corrected energy spectrum of the quantum bouncer .  ⁇ n we show that the semiclassical results agree well with the quantum mechanical results even for the low lying states . '
b' we present a detailed analysis of the intrinsic vhe @xmath0 ray spectrum of the high - frequency - peaked bl lac object 1es 1101 - 232 at @xmath1 .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed analysis of the dynamical structure of the kuiper belt , a population of small icy bodies in the outermost regions of the solar system .  ⁇ 
b' we consider the structure of a relativistic degenerate fermi gas of electrons at arbitrary temperature .  ⁇ n we show that the resulting structure is equivalent to a polytrope of index @xmath0 .  ⁇ n this is a unique value of the mass @xmath1 that he interprets as a limiting mass .  ⁇ n we show that the chandrasekhar mass - radius relation of a relativistic degenerate fermi gas of electrons is a polytrope of index @xmath2 .  ⁇ n we show that the chandrasekhar mass - radius relation of a relativistic degenerate fermi gas of electrons is a polytrope of index @xmath3 .  ⁇ n we also show that the chandrasekhar mass - radius relation of a relativistic degenerate fermi gas of electrons is a polytrope of index @xmath4 .  ⁇ n we show that the chandrasekhar mass - radius relation of a relativistic de
b' in this paper , we consider the scenario of @xmath0 users trying to communicate to a single destination using cooperative strategies .  ⁇ n we consider one of the @xmath0 users as the source and the remaining @
b' we study the effect of rotation on the energy and entropy spectra of rayleigh - bnard convection .  ⁇ n we find that the energy spectrum is k41 for @xmath0 and @xmath1 for @
b' we present a study of the temporal variations of the solar p - mode parameters during the solar cycle 23 .  ⁇ n we analyzed observations collected by the golf and virgo instruments onboard the _ solar and heliospheric observatory _ ( soho ) spacecraft .  ⁇ n the temporal variations of the mode parameters were analyzed using a standard likelihood maximization function .  ⁇ n the temporal variations of the mode parameters were then averaged over the central part of the 5-minute oscillation power ( @xmath0 and 5 modes ) .  ⁇ n the averages over the central part of the 5-minute oscillation power ( @xmath12200 3400 @xmath2hz ) were then calculated .  ⁇ n the averages over the central part of the 5-minute oscillation power ( @xmath12200 3400 @xmath2hz ) were then calculated .  ⁇ n the averages over the central part of the 5-minute oscillation power ( @xmath12200 3400 @xmath2hz ) were then calculated
b' we have performed monte carlo simulations of a nanoparticle consisting of heisenberg spins on a simple cubic lattice .  ⁇ n the particle shape is spherical and the outer shell of spins is considered as the surface .  ⁇ n we have performed monte carlo simulations of the field cooling process preceding to the hysteresis loop .  ⁇ 
b' we study the magnetic interaction between an accretion disc and a neutron star using numerical simulations .  ⁇ n we show that the magnetic field generated by the dynamo can enhance the coupling between the accretion disc and the neutron star .  ⁇ n we also show that the angular momentum exchange between the accretion disc and the neutron star can increase by more than an order of magnitude compared to the standard model .  ⁇ 
"b"" we consider a simple choice of the  ⁇  ensemble ' of quantum states .  ⁇ n we show that the entropy of a quantum state is given by the logarithm of the dimension of the corresponding compartment .  ⁇ n this gives rise to the notion of  ⁇  geometrical entropy ' .  ⁇ n we show that the entropy of a quantum state is given by the logarithm of the dimension of the compartment corresponding to the same macro - state .  ⁇ n we also show that the entropy of a quantum state is given by the logarithm of the dimension of the compartment corresponding to the same macro - state .  ⁇ n we also show that the entropy of a quantum state is given by the logarithm of the dimension of the compartment corresponding to the same macro - state .  ⁇ n we also show that the entropy of a quantum state is given by the logarithm of the dimension of the compartment corresponding to the same macro - state .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a search for aligned muon bundle events in the bust experiment .  ⁇ n no significant evidence for aligned events was found .  ⁇ n the standard @xmath0 parameter introduced by the  ⁇  pamir '' experiment is used to select the so called aligned events .  ⁇ n the normalized distributions on the @xmath1 parameter are found to be close to zero .  ⁇ 
b' we study the quasinormal modes ( qnms ) of a schwarzschild - de sitter ( sds ) black hole in the limit of highly damped modes .  ⁇ n we show that the qnms of a sds black hole with a cosmological horizon becomes asymptotically as @xmath0 , where @xmath1 is the cosmological constant .  ⁇ n we also show that the qnms of a sds black hole with a cosmological horizon becomes asymptotically as @xmath2 , and the qnms of a sds black hole with a cosmological horizon becomes asymptotically as @xmath3 .  ⁇ n we also discuss the qnms of a sds black hole with a cosmological horizon . '
b' we present population synthesis models of neutron stars in low mass binaries ( lmbs ) , evolved within a simple recycling scenario .  ⁇ n we consider two possible bracketing uncertainties in the accretion histories of the neutron stars : ( i ) steady accretion for a time @xmath0 ( ii ) persistent accretion followed by a transient phase during which the mass transfer becomes unsteady , mimicking the quenching of accretion .  ⁇ n we consider either a soft ( fp ) and a stiff ( ps ) equation of state , whose critical periods for mass - shedding instability are @xmath1ms and @xmath2msec , respectively .  ⁇ n we consider either a soft ( fp ) or a stiff ( ps ) equation of state , whose critical periods for mass - shedding are @xmath3msec , respectively .  ⁇ n we explore the evolution of a core field threaded in the
b' we investigate the scanning gate experiments of magnetic focusing devices .  ⁇ n we model the device using both quantum and classical transport theory .  ⁇ n we show that the main resistance feature ( e.g. the spatial area of reduced resistance ) can be explained by considering geometric relations between the device boundaries , the tip position , and the circular cyclotron orbits .  ⁇ n we also find that the finite width of the focusing leads can not be neglected .  ⁇ n we also show that the classical billiard model can be successfully used to describe transport of relativistic carriers in the presence of inhomogeneous potentials , if the linear graphene spectrum is properly implemented .  ⁇ n we also show that the repelling tip leaves a shadow behind itself , which is mainly situated in areas delimited by two direct cyclotron orbits that connect the tip with the injector lead .  ⁇ n the specific shape of the tip shadow , which depends on the relative position between the tip and the injector lead , determines the shape of the low resistance region .  ⁇ n therefore , at the first 
b' in this paper , we introduce a family of penalty functions for generalized linear models .  ⁇ 
b' we study the hard edge tacnode process for non - intersecting squared bessel paths .  ⁇ n we give a formula for the critical correlation kernel of the hard edge tacnode process in terms of the solution of a @xmath0 riemann hilbert problem .  ⁇ 
b' we present a theoretical study of the effect of surface slip on the flow of a newtonian fluid .  ⁇ n we use a non - slip boundary condition ( nsbc ) to derive a general expression for the slip length @
b' this video presents the details of the thin liquid sheet breakup process .  ⁇ n the detailed mechanism of thin liquid sheet breakup is shown where the instability growth over the interface generates several punctures .  ⁇ n the retraction of punctures produces a network of ligaments rapidly disintegrates into several number of small droplets .  ⁇ n the results obtained via direct numerical simulation are presented . '
b' we study the evolution of a population of cells in a multicellular organism , a system that is characterized by a replicative bottleneck .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the geometric phase induced in a qubit by a quantum many - body system .  ⁇ n two kinds of couplings between the auxiliary qubit and the many - body system are considered .  ⁇ n the first kind of coupling commutes with the free hamiltonian of the auxiliary qubit , leading to dephasing in the qubit , while the second one commutes with the free hamiltonian of the many - body system , which causes energy loss ( dissipation ) of the qubit .  ⁇ n the critical points of the many - body system are determined from the reduced density matrix of the auxiliary qubit .  ⁇ n it is shown that the geometric phase induced in the auxiliary qubit is related to the critical points of the many - body system . '
b' we present a comprehensive theory of the relative phase between a three - level atom and a quantum field .  ⁇ n we show that the relative phase between the field and the atoms is a physical property , and that it is a natural extension of the phase operator for the algebra su(3 ) .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new near - infrared ( nir ) calibration for m dwarfs , based on a new spectroscopic calibration of m dwarfs .  ⁇ 
b' we present a robust and scalable iterative solver for linear systems with a saddle - point structure .  ⁇ n the solver is tailored to the mixed - hybrid formulation of flow in porous media using the lowest order raviart - thomas finite elements with combined mesh dimensions ( 1d , 2d and 3d ) .  ⁇ n in particular , we adapt the balancing domain decomposition by constraints ( bddc ) method to this type of problems .  ⁇ n the solver is tailored to the mixed - hybrid formulation of flow in porous media using the lowest order raviart - thomas finite elements with combined mesh dimensions ( 1d , 2d and 3d ) .  ⁇ n the solver is tailored to the mixed - hybrid formulation of flow in porous media using the lowest order raviart - thomas finite elements with combined mesh dimensions ( 1d , 2d and 3d ) .  ⁇ n in particular , we adapt the bddc method to this type of problems .  ⁇ n the 
b' we consider a resonant bragg grating consisting of an array of thin films with metallic nanoparticles .  ⁇ n the bragg resonance frequency and carrier wave frequency in our considerations are assumed to be close to the plasmonic resonance frequency of the nanoparticles .  ⁇ n we derive governing equations for two counter - propagating electromagnetic waves interacting with plasmonic oscillation - induced medium polarization .  ⁇ n this system of equations represents the two - wave maxwell - duffing type model .  ⁇ n we find exact solitary wave solutions of this system and , via computer simulations , analyze stability of these solutions . '
b' we present the results of a systematic search for hard x ray sources in the 510 kev energy range .  ⁇ n the hellas survey is a deep , x ray  ⁇ n selected , x ray survey , aimed at identifying the hard x ray sources .  ⁇ n the 510 kev x ray flux limit of the hellas survey is @xmath0 erg s@xmath1 s@xmath1 .  ⁇ n the 510 kev flux limit of hellas is @xmath2 erg s@xmath1 s@xmath1 s@xmath1 s@xmath1 s@xmath1 s@xmath1 s@xmath1 s@xmath1 s@xmath1 s@xmath1 s@xmath1 s@xmath1 s@xmath1 s@xmath1 s@xmath1 s@x
b' we present a new method for determining the atmospheric parameters of hydrogen - line da white dwarfs .  ⁇ n the method is based on the spectroscopic technique , which consists in comparing the observed and predicted balmer line profiles .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a quantum feedback scheme for the preparation of fock states in a high - quality superconducting microwave cavity .  ⁇ n the scheme uses three steps : a measurement of the photon number distribution with a single circular rydberg atom , followed by a quantum filtering process .  ⁇ n the feedback law used to calculate the amplitude of the field pulse is chosen by adapting to this discrete situation the lyapunov - based techniques proposed in ref .  ⁇ n @xcite .  ⁇ n we give qualitative arguments showing that the proposed strategy is stable .  ⁇ n we also present quantum monte carlo simulations of closed - loop trajectories of the cavity field exhibiting the feedback performances . '
b' we present three experimental results on a superconducting persistent - current qubit , based on landau - zener - stckelberg transitions .  ⁇ n the first is mach - zehnder - type interferometry between repeated landau - zener - stckelberg transitions , with n=1 50 .  ⁇ n the second is microwave - induced cooling , by which we achieved effective qubit temperatures less than 3 mk .  ⁇ n the third is amplitude spectroscopy , a spectroscopy technique that monitors the system response to amplitude rather than frequency .  ⁇ n we conclude by considering the application of landau - zener - stckelberg transitions to quantum information science and technology . '
b' we present a generalized quasi - keplerian parametrization for the conservative dynamics of spinning compact binaries .  ⁇ n the parametrization is based on the post - newtonian approximation .  ⁇ n the parametrization is applicable to the following two astrophysical situations : ( i ) the binary is composed of two compact objects of equal mass and two arbitrary spins , and ( ii ) the two objects have unequal masses but only one object has a spin .  ⁇ n the parametrization is employed to construct highly efficient  ⁇  ready to use '' search templates for spinning compact binaries moving in inspiralling eccentric orbits .  ⁇ n the parametrization is also applicable to the instance of a neutron star orbiting a much larger , rapidly rotating black hole .  ⁇ n the parametrization shows that the dynamics is integrable and can not be chaotic .  ⁇ n moreover , the parametrization is employed to construct highly efficient  ⁇  ready to use '' search templates for spinning compact binaries moving in inspir
b' the muon drift tube chambers of the cms detector rely crucially on the accurate knowledge of the drift velocity to reconstruct muon tracks as precise as possible .  ⁇ n a monitor system for the direct measurement of the drift velocity is presented together with chamber gas pressure monitoring .  ⁇ n the first section of the cms muon drift tube chambers is described , followed by two sections about their pressure and drift velocity monitoring , including latest measurements .  ⁇ n muon drift tube chambers , muon drift tube chambers , pressure monitoring , gas pressure monitoring '
b' we review the constraints on the formation of multiple populations in globular clusters imposed by their present - day kinematics and spatial distribution .  ⁇ 
b' we find a skyrmion state in a layered superconductor described by a two - component order parameter .  ⁇ n the skyrmion state breaks the time reversal symmetry and we find that the magnetic field , produced by the spontaneously circulating supercurrents , determines the value of the gap above the homogeneous state .  ⁇ n the skyrmion state breaks the time reversal symmetry and we suggest that the pseudogap of the layered superconductors is indeed a skyrmion state . '
b' parity violating electron scattering from a heavy nucleus is modified substantially by coulomb distortions .  ⁇ n the dirac equation is numerically solved for an electron moving in vector and axial vector potentials .  ⁇ n the coulomb distortions are of order @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the asymmetry is calculated for a variety of electron energies .  ⁇ n the asymmetry is very sensitive to neutron densities and an experiment to measure it will greatly aid the interpretation of future atomic parity violation experiments .  ⁇ n coulomb distortions are also accurately calculated .  ⁇ n the asymmetry is also very sensitive to neutron densities and an experiment to measure neutron radii will greatly aid the interpretation of future atomic parity violation experiments .  ⁇ n pacs numbers : 21.60.-n , 21.60.-n , 21.60.-n , 21.60.-n '
b' we investigate the time - evolution of gaussian wavepackets in graphene within the tight - binding model .  ⁇ n the split - operator technique is used to calculate the time - evolution operator .  ⁇ n the results are compared with those obtained from the dirac approximation for particles with momentum close to one of the dirac cones of the brillouin zone of graphene .  ⁇ 
b' we develop unconditionally stable algorithms for solving the phase field crystal ( pfc ) and swift - hohenberg ( sh ) equations .  ⁇ n the algorithms are based on a class of unconditionally stable time stepping algorithms that are free of the fixed time step constraint for equations with a mix
b' the glauber model is a semiclassical model which describes the nucleus - nucleus interaction in terms of interaction between the constituent nucleons ( nn cross sections ) and nuclear density distributions .  ⁇ n the coulomb modified glauber model ( cmgm ) is a well established model for high energies .  ⁇ n the coulomb plus nuclear modified glauber model ( cnmgm ) is a well established model for heavy ion reactions .  ⁇ n the coulomb modified glauber model ( cnmgm ) is a well established model for high energies .  ⁇ n the cnmgm is a well established model for heavy ion reactions .  ⁇ n the cnmgm is a well established model for heavy ion reactions .  ⁇ n the cnmgm is a well established model for heavy ion reactions .  ⁇ n the cnmgm is a well established model for heavy ion reactions .  ⁇ n the cnmg
b' we show that superdense coding ( sdc ) with nuclear magnetic resonance ( nmr ) is a promising method for demonstrating enhancement over the classical communication .  ⁇ n we also introduce a new class of entanglement witness , which is based on measurement of nuclear spin magnetizations in a single run experiment .  ⁇ n although the entanglement witness derived from the conventional approach is also shown to be measurable in a single run experiment , it requires pre - application of somewhat complicated unitary transformation that depends on the state under investigation . '
b' we present a model of the long - term evolution of the crab pulsar .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the inner structures of hybrid stars .  ⁇ n we present the equation of state for the mixed phase taking into account the charge screening effect .  ⁇ n we then apply our equation of state to a stationary rotating star .  ⁇ n we find that the inner structure of hybrid stars is asymmetric .  ⁇ n we also discuss the effect of rotation on the inner structure of hybrid stars . '
b' we present a new model of the radio sky based on the sloan digital sky survey ( sdss ) .  ⁇ 
b' we study the dynamics of synchronisation in a stochastic time series , using a model of a population of cells .  ⁇ n we show that the coupling between the cells can be either weak or strong , depending on the form of the coupling .  ⁇ 
b' we report the discovery of a quasar pair at @xmath0 separated by 21 , or about 135kpc proper , on the plane of the sky .  ⁇ n the pair was discovered serendipitously while spectroscopically confirming an @xmath1 quasar candidate a second @
b' we numerically investigate the jet propagation in the material ejected by double neutron star mergers based on a scenario indicated both by our latest numerical - relativity simulations and the observations of sgrb 130603b .  ⁇ n we find that the jet breaks out of the merger ejecta and the observed collimation could be naturally explained by the interactions of the jet and the ejecta .  ⁇ 
b' this paper presents partial - realization theory for linear switched systems .  ⁇ n we present two algorithms for computing a partial - realization .  ⁇ n one of them is based on finding a factorization of a finite sub - matrix of the hankel - matrix .  ⁇ n the other one is based on finding a factorization of a finite sub - matrix of the hankel - matrix .  ⁇ n we show that the above partial - realization algorithms return a complete minimal realization of the input - output behavior , provided the rank of the finite sub - matrix equals the rank of the full hankel - matrix .  ⁇ n we also show that any finite sub - matrix whose size is above a certain lower bound has this property .  ⁇ n we also show that the theory of rational formal power series can be used to obtain partial - realization theory for hybrid systems . '
b' we consider a cosmological model with non - minimally coupled scalar fields that admits bounce solutions .  ⁇ n we show that the model admits a bounce solution if the hubble parameter is positive and the cosmic time derivative is positive .  ⁇ n we also show that the model admits a bounce solution if the hubble parameter is positive and the cosmic time derivative is positive .  ⁇ n we also show that the model admits a bounce solution if the hubble parameter is positive and the cosmic time derivative is positive . '
b' we study the propagation of light in a bragg grating with a spatially inhomogeneous bragg reflectivity .  ⁇ n the solitons are pinned to a defect , which is represented by a @xmath0-functional perturbation of the local refractive index or bragg reflectivity .  ⁇ 
b' we consider the problem of reconstructing the magnitude of a signal from the norms of its @xmath0-fusion frame coefficients .  ⁇ n we show that , in the deterministic setting , the number of subspace components required to reconstruct the signal is at least quadratic in the ambient dimension .  ⁇ 
b' we study the spectral properties of seyferts , radio galaxies , and x - ray binaries containing either black holes or weakly - magnetized neutron stars .  ⁇ n we find that the spectral slopes of seyferts are strongly correlated with the intrinsic spectral slope .  ⁇ n we also find that the fe k@xmath0 line emission is strongly correlated with the intrinsic spectral slope .  ⁇ n we also find that the fe k@xmath0 line is strongly correlated with the intrinsic spectral slope .  ⁇ n we also find that the fe k@xmath0 line is strongly correlated with the intrinsic spectral slope .  ⁇ n we also find that the fe k@xmath0 line is strongly correlated with the intrinsic spectral slope .  ⁇ n we also find that the fe k@xmath0 line is strongly correlated with the intrinsic spectral slope .  ⁇ n we also find that the fe
b' supernova remnants ( snrs ) are commonly considered to be cosmic particle accelerators .  ⁇ n i summarise experimental evidence gathered through @xmath0-ray observations mainly in the very high energy ( vhe ) regime supporting this notion .  ⁇ n i will also summarise the recent results on the vhe @xmath0-ray emission of snrs . '
b' we examine reversible integration algorithms ( ) for hamiltonian systems .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a scheme to realize a quantum phase gate in a semiconductor quantum well with a giant cross - kerr nonlinearity accompanied by vanishing the linear and self - kerr optical absorption .  ⁇ n based on these characteristics , the two - qubit polarization quantum phase gate can be implemented within long - time interaction and effective maximal entanglement .  ⁇ n in addition , we propose a practical experimental scheme to identify the maximally entangled optical polarization state of two - qubit with two out of the four bell states . '
b' we present a new approach to the calculation of the effective field theory ( eft ) .  ⁇ n the eft is a generalization of the standard eft , based on the renormalization group .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new calculation of event shape variables in deep inelastic scattering .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new method for estimating pre flare energy in the minimum current corona model ( mcc ) .  ⁇ 
b' we study a discrete - time random walk on the nodes of a graphene - like graph .  ⁇ n the state - space of the random walk is viewed as a general honeycomb structure ( the hexagonal lattice ) .  ⁇ n we give emphasis to the transient distribution of the random walk .  ⁇ n we also study its asymptotic behavior making use of the theory of large deviations .  ⁇ n * keywords : * random walk , hexagonal lattice , large deviations . '
b' we present a new analysis of the spherical mexican hat wavelet ( smhw ) , which is a powerful tool to enhance non - gaussian features in the cosmic microwave background ( cmb ) .  ⁇ n we have used the smhw estimator to detect the cold spot ( cs ) in the 3-year wilkinson microwave anisotropy probe ( wmap ) data .  ⁇ n we have found that the smhw estimator is able to detect the cs , and that the kurtosis of the smhw estimator is a significant factor .  ⁇ n we have also found that the smhw estimator is able to detect the cs , and that the kurtosis of the smhw estimator is a significant factor .  ⁇ n we have also found that the smhw estimator is able to detect the cs , and that the kurtosis of the smh
b' we present the discovery of a new , low - mass eclipsing binary system , gj 3236 .  ⁇ n the components show high activity levels , as evidenced by h@xmath0 emission lines in the spectra of both stars , and show rotational modulations in the light curves that are synchronized with the binary orbital period .  ⁇ n this system thus has the potential to yield an additional precise test of stellar evolution models for high activity and short orbital periods .  ⁇ n the h@xmath1 emission lines are synchronized with the binary orbital period , and the h@xmath2 emission lines are correlated with the orbital period .  ⁇ n the h@
b' we present the results of a deep optical imaging survey of the nebular remnants of a sample of northern - sky classical novae .  ⁇ n we have used the anglo - australian telescope to obtain images of the nova remnants .  ⁇ n we have also obtained images of a subset of the novae for which we have detected extended material .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the interplay between rotational brownian motion of ferrofluid particles and their relaxation dynamics in an external magnetic field .  ⁇ n we show that a suitably designed time dependent external magnetic field _ without net rotating component _ may rectify the fluctuations of the particle orientation and set up a _ noise - induced _ rotation of the ferromagnetic grains .  ⁇ n we therefore investigate how angular momentum can be transferred from an oscillating magnetic field to a ferrofluid at rest .  ⁇ n the effect was predicted theoretically and demonstrated experimentally in a previous short communication [ phys .  ⁇ n rev .  ⁇ n lett . * 92 * , 012302 ( 2002 ) ] .  ⁇ n we provide more details on the theoretical description and add several new results .  ⁇ n we also discuss the role of a time - dependent external magnetic field in the transport of ferromagnetic nano - particles . '
b' we present a study of site- and bond - diluted spin-1/2 af heisenberg ladders with n=2 , 4 and 6 legs .  ⁇ n we find that the correlation length of the system is strongly enhanced upon doping up to @xmath0 legs .  ⁇ 
b' we consider the problem of reconstructing the schrodinger potential from the excitation spectra of topological defects .  ⁇ n we show how to use the excitation spectra of topological defects to reconstruct the field theory .  ⁇ n we show how to use the sine - gordon field theory to reconstruct the @xmath0 field theory .  ⁇ n we also discuss the reconstruction problem in the inflationary context . '
b' we extend the dynamical model developed in ref.@xcite to investigate the pion electroproduction reactions in the @xmath0 excitation region .  ⁇ n the q@xmath2-dependence of the @xmath1 form factor is calculated in a dynamical approach .  ⁇ n the @xmath3 and @xmath4 form factors are calculated in a dynamical approach .  ⁇ 
b' we study the bose - einstein condensate ( bec ) of hard core bosons in a one - dimensional harmonic trap .  ⁇ n we show that the bec is attenuated by the presence of a harmonic trap , and that the bec is attenuated by the presence of a harmonic trap .  ⁇ n we also show that the bec is attenuated by the presence of a harmonic trap .  ⁇ n we also show that the bec is attenuated by the presence of a harmonic trap . '
b' we consider the problem of asymptotic hypothesis testing with two hypotheses .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the genuine quantum correlation in a bipartite system .  ⁇ n we show that the genuine quantum correlation does not vanish under a change of basis , and can be characterized as the residual correlations remaining in the complementary bases .  ⁇ n we also show that the genuine quantum correlation does not vanish under a change of basis . '
b' we have studied the effect of strong quantizing magnetic field on the thermodynamic properties of dense neutron star matter .  ⁇ n we have shown that , in presence of strong quantizing magnetic field , the thermodynamic properties of dense neutron star matter can be drastically changed .  ⁇ n we have also studied the effect of strong quantizing magnetic field on the thermodynamic properties of dense neutron star matter .  ⁇ n it has been shown that , in presence of strong quantizing magnetic field , the thermodynamic properties of dense neutron star matter can be changed drastically .  ⁇ n we have also studied the effect of strong quantizing magnetic field on the thermodynamic properties of dense neutron star matter .  ⁇ n it has been shown that , in presence of strong quantizing magnetic field , the thermodynamic properties of dense neutron star matter can be changed drastically .  ⁇ n we have also studied the effect of strong quantizing magnetic field on the thermodynamic properties of dense neutron star matter .  ⁇ n it has been shown that , in presence of strong quantizing magnetic field , the thermodynamic properties of dense neutron star matter can be changed drastically .
b' we present a compilation of very low energy neutron capture cross sections for a variety of nuclei .  ⁇ n the sample includes boron , gadolinium , and cadmium isotopes .  ⁇ n the thermal neutron capture cross section by @xmath0b is about 0.5 barns .  ⁇ n the fission cross section by @xmath1gd is about 3.8 x @xmath2 barns .  ⁇ n the capture cross section by @xmath0b is about 1.2 x @xmath2 barns .  ⁇ n the fission cross section by @xmath0b is about 1.2 x @xmath2 barns .  ⁇ n the capture cross section by @xmath0gd is about 1.2 x @xmath2 barns .  ⁇ n the capture cross section by @xmath0b is about 1.2 x @xmath2 barns .  ⁇ n the capture cross section by @xmath0gd is about 1.2 x @
b' stick slip motion is commonly observed in sliding of soft adhesive surfaces .  ⁇ n the dynamics of this motion is characterized by a number of intermittent motions , including squeals , mechanical vibrations and earthquakes .  ⁇ n the theoretical model of stick slip , based on the rigid body approximation , is unable to reproduce the main features of this behavior .  ⁇ n however , the presence of significant elastic deformation , coupled with interfacial adhesion , invalidates this picture .  ⁇ n the present work seeks to investigate this question by building on observations of single stick slip events in a unique adhesive contact geometry .  ⁇ n it is shown , based on analysis of friction force traces that stick slip itself is of three different types .  ⁇ n high speed _ in situ _ imaging reveals that these correspond to the motion of either schallamach waves or one of two new slow frictional waves caled separation pulses and slip pulses .  ⁇ n the _ in situ _ imaging enables individual wave properties to be extracted quantitatively , in addition to
b' we present a path integral molecular dynamics study of the cubic modification 3c - sic at temperatures between 100 and 1200 k and pressures up to 60 gpa .  ⁇ n the electronic structure was treated with a non - orthogonal tight - binding hamiltonian , which allows us to derive the born - oppenheimer energy surface for the atomic nuclei .  ⁇ n the temperature dependence of the thermal expansion of the lattice is studied as a function of pressure .  ⁇ n the temperature dependence of the linear thermal expansion is found to be consistent with the quasiharmonic approximation .  ⁇ n the temperature dependence of the linear thermal expansion is also found to be consistent with the quasiharmonic approximation .  ⁇ n the temperature dependence of the linear thermal expansion is also found to be consistent with the quasiharmonic approximation .  ⁇ n the temperature dependence of the linear thermal expansion is also found to be consistent with the quasiharmonic approximation .  ⁇ n the temperature dependence of the linear thermal expansion is also found to be consistent
b' we present a map of the water emission from the central portion of the orion molecular cloud obtained with the _ submillimeter wave astronomy satellite _ ( _ swas _ ) .  ⁇ 
b' we calculate the spectrum of neutrinos from gamma - ray bursts ( grbs ) , taking account of decaying modes of charged kaons into neutrinos .  ⁇ n we also consider the contribution of long - lived neutral kaons for neutrino production .  ⁇ n we find that the highest energy neutrinos mainly come from kaons even in internal shocks of grbs . '
b' we study the hadronic decays of supersymmetric particles , assuming that the gravitino and the next - to - lightest supersymmetric particle are produced in the late decays of weakly interacting massive particles .  ⁇ n we find that the hadronic branching fractions are very sensitive to the reheat temperature , and that the reheat temperature is much lower than the reheat temperature .  ⁇ 
b' we present a method of constructing solutions of the subdiffusive equation with given boundary conditions starting with normal diffusion .  ⁇ n the green s functions for subdiffusive equation are obtained in the form of series of the fox functions .  ⁇ n the method splits into two steps . in the first one  ⁇ n the laplace transform of the subdiffusive green s function is obtained from the normal diffusion counterpart , and in the second one the laplace transform is inverted .  ⁇ n the method is illustrated by the solution of the system consisting of two parts where the normal diffusion and subdiffusion occur , respectively .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the x - ray afterglow of a gamma - ray burst ( grb ) .  ⁇ n we show that the early steep decay phase of the prompt emission can be fit by a single exponential , and that the second afterglow component may be fit by a single power law .  ⁇ n we also show that the blandford - znajek mechanism is a viable model for the prompt emission .  ⁇ n we also discuss the implications of this model for the x - ray afterglow of grbs . '
b' we have studied the elasticity of three hexagonal transition metals at high pressure : iron , rhenium , and cobalt .  ⁇ n the equation - of - state of these metals has been calculated using the full - potential linearized muffin - tin orbital method ( fp - lmto ) and the generalized gradient approximation ( gga ) .  ⁇ 
b' we present a set of 75 simulations of the interaction of ionizing radiation with self - gravitating clouds .  ⁇ n we show that the incident ionizing flux is not able to trigger the formation of new stars , and that the process and the properties of this star formation are connected with the intensity of the incident flux .  ⁇ n we also show that the intensity of the incident flux is a crucial parameter for the formation of new stars . '
b' we present a detailed analysis of the light curves of the type ic supernova ( sn ) 2003dh , sn2003lw , and sn1998bw .  ⁇ 
b' we derive analytical expressions for the stokes vector fluxes for a rotating star with a magnetic field on its surface .  ⁇ n the expressions depend on the correlation between the magnetic field and the line - of - sight velocity and are general for any rotation profile or any magnetic field configuration .  ⁇ n we particularize the equations to the case of a rotating magnetic dipole .  ⁇ n we show that the weak field approximation is applicable in many scenarios and gives very good results for the inference of magnetic fields as compared with more elaborate methods . '
b' we introduce a new combinatorial tool , which is best used in conjunction with the boltzmann sampling .  ⁇ 
b' we present a theoretical study of the formation of silicon cages and tubes based on the dangling bond type of silicon atoms .  ⁇ n the dangling bonds of silicon atoms are terminated by hydrogens , which are a good way to terminate the dangling bonds .  ⁇ n we find that the formation of silicon cages and tubes is a very efficient process .  ⁇ 
b' we present 850 imaging polarimetry of the omc-3 star - forming region .  ⁇ n these data represent the first polarimetry of this active star - forming region and are also some
b' we calculate the spin - current relaxation time @xmath0 for a spin - polarized fermi gas in a harmonic trap .  ⁇ 
b' sparse signal recovery is a problem of reconstructing sparse signals from a set of nonadaptive linear measurements .  ⁇ n it is known that sparse signals contain much less information than their ambient dimension suggests .  ⁇ n so it is possible to reconstruct such signals approximately or even accurately using only a small number of linear measurements .  ⁇ n the operation for finding the most sparse solution of undetermined linear algebraic equation is np - hard commonly .  ⁇ n theoretical work in compressed sensing has shown that for certain kinds of measurement matrices , it is possible when the number of measurements m is nearly linear in the sparsity of original signal .  ⁇ n recently , more stronger sufficient condition called restricted isometry property ( rip ) on measurement matrices was also proposed .  ⁇ n the rip is essentially a linear programming problem and technique of convex optimization could be utilized to solve it effectively .  ⁇ n however , the method is based on linear programming and there is no strongly polynomial time algorithm in linear programming .  ⁇ n however , greed
b' we investigate the infrared problem in quantum gravity .  ⁇ n we use the method of adiabatic switching with a testfunction from the schwartz space which cuts off the interaction at large distances in spacetime .  ⁇ n this makes all expressions well defined during the calculation and it turns out to be a natural infrared cutoff .  ⁇ n we therefore avoid the introduction of a graviton mass .  ⁇ n we therefore avoid the introduction of a graviton mass .  ⁇ n we investigate the long range behaviour of the theory .  ⁇ n we consider a symmetric second rank tensor and show that the theory is able to describe the bremsstrahlung process in the adiabatic limit .  ⁇ n we also discuss the renormalization of the bremsstrahlung cross section . '
b' the 2.16-m reflector is an english equatorial mount telescope at xinglong observatory .  ⁇ n it is the third largest optical telescope in china right now ( smaller than lamost and the lijiang 2.4-m telescopes ) .  ⁇ n the telescope and its instruments are described in this paper .  ⁇ n the efficiencies of the telescope and its instruments have been estimated .  ⁇ n the relevant science and projects based on observational data obtained by the 2.16-m telescope are also described .  ⁇ n the efficiencies of the telescope and its instruments have been estimated .  ⁇ n the efficiencies of the telescope and its instruments have been estimated .  ⁇ n the efficiencies of the telescope and its instruments have been estimated .  ⁇ n the efficiencies of the telescope and its instruments have been estimated .  ⁇ n the efficiencies of the telescope and its instruments have been estimated .  ⁇ n the efficiencies of the telescope and its instruments have been estimated .  ⁇ n the efficiencies of the telescope and its instruments have been estimated .  ⁇ n the efficiencies of the telescope and its instruments have
b' the detection of extragalactic sources and source populations is a key step in the development of astrophysical instruments .  ⁇ n the advent of imaging atmospheric cherenkov telescopes ( iacts ) has revolutionised the field of very high energy ( vhe ) @xmath0-ray astronomy .  ⁇ n however , the inherent faintness of astrophysical vhe @xmath1-ray fluxes has resulted in statistically limited signal measurements with uncertainties that are dominated by poissonian shot noise .  ⁇ n this work investigates methods for the appropriate statistical treatment of systematic uncertainties affecting iact observational data and their subsequent analysis .  ⁇ n the relevant statistical issues are illustrated using the specific example of _ stacking _ analysis .  ⁇ n stacking analyses are commonly applied in situations where a target population comprises a large number of individually undetectable source candidates that are theoretically expected to exhibit at least one identical signal characteristic .  ⁇ n moreover , stacking analyses provide a more intuitive distinction between systematic effects that undergo temporal variation , such
b' we present a generalized poland scheraga model for the melting of a double - stranded polymer .  ⁇ n the model is based on a generalized transfer matrix method , and accounts for the bending rigidity of the polymer .  ⁇ 
b' we study the non - equilibrium properties of electron - pairs in superconducting rings , which can be realized experimentally .  ⁇ n we have modeled the external electric field in terms of time - dependent aharonov - bohm flux and studied the non - equilibrium properties and time evolution of many body wave function .  ⁇ n we found that the breaking of electron - pairs depends on the strength of electric field and attractive interaction .  ⁇ n we analyze this depairing of electrons by flux - quantization of persistent - current , time average current and pair - correlation function .  ⁇ n we found that the flux quantization and off - diagonal long - range order are the key characteristics of superconductors . '
b' we present a grid of models for reflection by accretion discs in hydrostatic equilibrium .  ⁇ n the ionization parameter , irradiating spectral index and iron abundance are free parameters .  ⁇ n the grid includes all abundant species and their important transitions .  ⁇ n the results of our calculations extend and improve on the models discussed by ross , fabian & young ( 1999 ) .  ⁇ n we present examples of spectra from across this grid which can be used as a guide to the interpretation of x - ray spectra from agn , black hole candidates and gamma - ray bursts .  ⁇ n agn , gamma - ray bursts , x - ray reflection , accretion discs , accretion discs '
b' we calculate the ground states of spin-3 bose - einstein condensates under the assumption of conserved magnetization .  ⁇ n we also present the ground - state phase diagrams corresponding to several fixed values of the magnetization .  ⁇ n we discuss the role of the magnetic dipole - dipole interaction , and discuss the possible experiments . '
b' we present lower limits on the gravitino lifetime and upper limits on the amount of bilinear @xmath0-parity violation derived from observations of cosmic - ray antiprotons with the pamela experiment .  ⁇ n we also compare the obtained lifetime limits to constraints derived from gamma - ray and neutrino observations .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the low energy dynamics of chirally symmetric models with a short range interaction in an external magnetic field .  ⁇ n we assume that the dynamics of chiral symmetry breaking can be understood in the lower dimensional effective theory .  ⁇ n we argue that this assumption is very natural in 2 + 1 dimensions .  ⁇ n there , the modes of the lowest landau level are non - propagating and in the absence of interactions , the ground state is highly degenerate and contains both chirally non - symmetric and chirally non - symmetric states .  ⁇ n interactions , even with infinitesimally small coupling constants , will split this degeneracy .  ⁇ n we argue that the infrared dynamics is governed by an effective ( 1 + 1)-dimensional gross - neveu like theory with an infinite number of flavors of fermions .  ⁇ n we then study the resulting model using the renormalization group .  ⁇ n we present a plausible argument for our main conclusion : that the presence of chiral symmetry breaking depends crucially on
b' we present a new technique for detecting ultra high energy ( uhe ) neutrinos from the askaryan mechanism in the lunar regolith .  ⁇ n the technique is based on the use of a 1.425 ghz polarization , centered at 1.425 ghz , and a polarization - based spectral filter .  ⁇ n the polarization - based filter is based on a polarization - based filter .  ⁇ n the polarization - based filter is based on a polarization - based filter .  ⁇ n the polarization - based filter is based on a polarization - based filter .  ⁇ n the polarization - based filter is based on a polarization - based filter .  ⁇ n the polarization - based filter is based on a polarization - based filter .  ⁇ n the polarization - based filter is based on a polarization 
b' we present a new method for trapping and cooling of atoms , which allows the creation of a sample of ultracold atomic tritium .  ⁇ n we describe the trapping and cooling methods and outline a prototype of a neutrino mass experiment .  ⁇ n we present detailed simulation results and the detector requirements necessary to reach sub - ev sensitivity on the neutrino mass . '
b' we present an _ ab - initio _ study of the oxygen adsorption on the ( 001 ) surface of rhodium .  ⁇ n we find that the preferred adsorption site is the hollow one , at the center of the square formed by four first - layer rhodium atoms .  ⁇ n however , at variance with recent claims based on stm experiments , we find that it is the _ white _ squares which rotate rather than the _ black _ ones .  ⁇ n we argue that our predicted reconstruction pattern is indeed compatible with experimental findings .  ⁇ n actually , the symmetry of our predicted reconstruction pattern slightly differs from what appears in the experimental pictures , in that ad atoms get off the center of the distorted squares , thus resulting in an _ asymmetric clock _ reconstruction .  ⁇ n the existence of two inequivalent low - symmetry sites that oxygen atoms can occupy in the rhombi should give rise to an order - disorder transition whose properties
b' we present a new out - of - sample extension method for dimensionality reduction .  ⁇ 
b' the complete fusion ( cf ) and incomplete fusion ( icf ) cross - sections for @xmath0li+@x
b' mobile sensors such as accelerometer , orientation sensor , magnetometer , camera , microphone , gps and so on are being used by mobile sensing systems to make sophisticated inferences about users .  ⁇ n while shared sensor data has enabled context - aware apps to provide utility to the users , the same data can also be used by an adversary to make inferences that are possibly sensitive to the user such as speaker identity , keystroke detection , location tracking , keystroke detection , keystroke detection , keystroke detection , keystroke detection , keystroke detection , location tracking , onscreen taps recognition , onset of stress and so on .  ⁇ n therefore , there exist fundamentally conflicting requirements between protecting privacy of the sensitive information contained in mobile sensor data and preserving utility of the same data for authorized inferences . in this paper  ⁇ n , we propose deeprotect , a new permission model where instead of blocking or blocking sensors , users specify their utility and privacy preferences in terms of inferences that can be derived from mobile sensor data .  ⁇ n deeprotect
b' we study the @x
b' we present a new many - body approach , _ ab initio _  ⁇ n ncsm / rgm , capable of treating bound and scattering states of light nuclei in a unified formalism , starting from fundamental inter - nucleon interactions .  ⁇ n the ncsm is a microscopic many - body approach based on the use of three - nucleon hamiltonians , with fully anti - symmetric many - body wave functions built assuming that the nucleons are grouped into clusters .  ⁇ n the rgm is a microscopic cluster technique based on the use of three ( and , in principle , even more ) clusters in relative motion .  ⁇ n the ncsm / rgm approach complements the ability of the rgm to deal with scattering and reactions with the use of realistic interactions , and a consistent _ ab initio _ description of the nucleon clusters , achieved via the ncsm 
b' we study the evolution of a conformally invariant scalar field in the anti - de sitter spacetime .  ⁇ n we consider the case of a nonminimally coupled scalar field in the background of kottler - ads spacetime .  ⁇ n we compute the quasinormal frequencies of the scalar , electromagnetic , and gravitational perturbations .  ⁇ 
b' we consider spin - up and spin - down electrons as two different species .  ⁇ n the corresponding qhd equations are derived from the pauli equation .  ⁇ n the spin - orbit interaction is taken into account .  ⁇ n the spin - orbit interaction is taken into account by means of the many - particle quantum hydrodynamic ( mpqhd ) method .  ⁇ n the spin - orbit interaction is taken into account by means of the mpqhd .  ⁇ n the spin - orbit interaction is taken into account by means of the mpqhd .  ⁇ n the spin - orbit interaction is taken into account by means of the mpqhd .  ⁇ n the spin - orbit interaction is taken into account by means of the mpqhd .  ⁇ n the spin - orbit interaction is taken into account by means of the mpqhd .  ⁇ n the spin - orbit interaction is taken into account by means of the mpqhd .  ⁇ n the spin - orbit interaction is taken into account by means
b' we study the motion of a massive particle in reissner - nordstrm background .  ⁇ n the jacobi metric is constructed for the probe particle and the hamiltonian - jacobi equation for the geodesics is obtained .  ⁇ n the results show a qualitative difference between the two cases .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the transmission phase of an electron traversing a quantum dot .  ⁇ n the transmission amplitude is calculated in the framework of the fano resonance .  ⁇ n the transmission amplitude is found to vanish ( within the accuracy of the numerical calculation ) whenever the sudden phase drop occurs .  ⁇ 
b' we consider the hausdorff , packing and box - counting dimension of random self - affine box - like carpets .  ⁇ n we show that the hausdorff dimension coincides almost surely with the  ⁇  affinity dimension ' .  ⁇ n we also show that the hausdorff dimension of random self - affine carpets is strictly less than the affinity dimension .  ⁇ 
b' we discuss the possibility of the baryonic fraction estimation from the cosmic microwave background ( cmb ) data .  ⁇ n we show that the baryonic fraction estimation from the cmb data is sensitive to the presence of the small scale baryonic ( non - linear ) clouds before cosmological recombination .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the distinguishability of non - orthogonal states by local operations and classical communication ( locc ) .  ⁇ n we show that any non - orthogonal state on a two - dimensional hilbert space can be optimally distinguished by locc .  ⁇ n we also show that any non - orthogonal state on a two - dimensional hilbert space can be perfectly distinguished by locc . '
b' we present a new method to derive the star formation history ( sfh ) of resolved galaxies from the comparison of observed and synthetic color - magnitude diagrams ( cmds ) .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the evolution of positively curved frw models with a scalar field having a potential which arises in the conformal frame of the @xmath0 theory in vacuum .  ⁇ n we use the constraint equation to reduce the dimension of the dynamical system to three and after a suitable change of variables we find the equilibrium points of the system .  ⁇ n we discuss the physical meaning of these particular solutions and show that , the equilibrium corresponding to the de sitter equilibrium is a nonhyperbolic equilibrium point .  ⁇ n we also show that , in the case of the de sitter equilibrium , the qualitative behavior of the system is determined by its behavior on the center manifold near the de sitter equilibrium .  ⁇ n we also show that , the qualitative behavior in a neighborhood of the de sitter equilibrium is determined by its behavior on the center manifold near the de sitter equilibrium .  ⁇ n we also discuss the physical meaning of these particular solutions . '
b' we report a series of _ chandra _ observations of the ultraluminous x - ray source ( sss ) in m101 ( cxouj140332.3 + 542103 ) .  ⁇ n the sss was observed from the low state to outburst .  ⁇ n we present the results of a multiwavelength campaign to monitor the source .  ⁇ 
b' we review the tree - level amplitudes for the scattering of relativistic particles , and discuss their analytic properties .  ⁇ n we also discuss the symmetries of @xmath0 supersymmetric yang - mills theory , and discuss the implications of these symmetries for the physics of black holes . '
b' we present a new analysis of the @xmath0 ori aa system , based on a new spectroscopic analysis of the hst / wfpc2 images .  ⁇ n we find that the hst / wfpc2 images are consistent with a single , spherical , elliptical , spherical , spherical , elliptical , spherical , spherical , spherical , spherical , spherical , spherical , spherical , spherical , spherical , spherical , spherical , spherical , spherical , spherical , spherical , spherical , spherical , spherical , spherical , spherical ,
b' we present a series of 676,000 photometric measurements of the hd 80606 system , a hot jupiter on a short - period orbit .  ⁇ 
b' in this work , we propose a generalization of the preferential attachment model based on fractional calculus .  ⁇ n the model is a generalization of the barab@xmath0si - albert model .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new analysis of the central light profiles of a sample of elliptical galaxies , based on a combination of _ hubble space telescope _  ⁇ 
b' we consider a quantum particle confined in a one - dimensional box with one receding wall .  ⁇ n we show that the probability of violation of local causality is a nontrivial function of the particle s wave length .  ⁇ n we also show that the probability of violation of local causality is a nontrivial function of the particle s wave length .  ⁇ n we also show that the probability of violation of local causality is a nontrivial function of the particle s wave length . '
b' we present fuzzy logic based algorithms for two basic problems in astronomical pipeline processing which are rejecting cosmic ray hits and converting celestial coordinates to image coordinates .  ⁇ n the fuzzy logic model is built based on manually identified reference stars .  ⁇ n each identified star contributes an azimuth and altitude ( by basic astronomy ) and also an angle and radial distance ( by measurement from the image ) .  ⁇ 
b' we study the influence of medium effects on the gross structure of non - rotating hybrid stars .  ⁇ n we show that medium effects increase the energy per baryon of strange quark matter and therefore make the strange quark matter phase energetically less favorable .  ⁇ n we also show that medium effects increase the effective quark masses in medium and therefore make the strange quark matter phase more favorable .  ⁇ n we also discuss the influence of medium effects on the gross structure of non - rotating hybrid stars . '
b' we present a new algorithm for calculating the spatial fermion winding number susceptibility in a two dimensional attractive hubbard model .  ⁇ n the algorithm is based on the meron cluster approach .  ⁇ n we show that the susceptibility is a sum over the square of the size of each cluster in the zero meron sector and the product of the size of the merons in the two meron sector .  ⁇ n we also show that the susceptibility is a sum over the square of the size of each cluster in the zero meron sector and the product of the size of the merons in the two meron sector .  ⁇ n we also discuss the implications of our results for the study of superconductivity . '
b' we present a study of the excitation and propagation of acoustic waves in the solar photosphere .  ⁇ n we use a time series of solar granulation recorded with the imaging magnetograph experiment imax onboard sunrise .  ⁇ n the data reveal the presence of acoustic events in the granules and the intergranular lanes .  ⁇ n the acoustic power is not only enhanced in the intergranular lanes but also above large granules , where splitting processes are about to occur .  ⁇ n the excitation of waves of high wave number seem to be a diagnostic of pending granule splitting .  ⁇ n the excitation of waves of high wave number seem to be a diagnostic of pending granule splitting .  ⁇ n acoustic waves , granule splitting , granule splitting , granule splitting , granule splitting '
b' we present a detailed analysis of the spatial and temporal properties of the raised - core ( rc ) profiles of the @xmath0 spectral line in the vicinity of strong magnetic fields .  ⁇ 
b' we present a design for a transition radiation detector ( trd ) capable of measuring the energies of particles with lorentz factors @xmath0 .  ⁇ 
b' we present a model for the eruption of a coronal mass ejection ( cme ) .  ⁇ 
b' we study the nonlinear @xmath0 symmetric gross - pitaevskii equation with a kerr nonlinearity .  ⁇ n we show that the @xmath0 symmetric ground state is the only state which exists on both sides of the bifurcation .  ⁇ 
b' the discovery of comet - like activities in four icy asteroids 7968 elst - pizzaro , 118401 ( 1999 @xmath0 , 176p / linear ) , p/2005 u1 ( read ) , and p/2008 r1 ( garradd ) has added a new item to the mysteries of the asteroid belt .  ⁇ n known as main belt comets ( mbcs ) , these objects may be representatives of a new class of bodies that are dynamically asteroidal ( i.e. , their tisserand parameters with respect to jupiter are larger than 3 ) .  ⁇ n their comet - like appearance has raised questions regarding their origin .  ⁇ n while the asteroidal orbits of these bodies , combined with the proximity of these bodies to the themis and beagle families of asteroids , suggests that mbcs have formed in - situ as the remnants of collisionally broken larger objects , the comet - like activities of
b' we study numerically non - ergodic effects in the coulomb glass .  ⁇ n we map the dynamical behavior of the coulomb glass to a graph .  ⁇ n the nodes of this graph represent the many - particle states , and the edges the relevant transitions between them .  ⁇ n we determine the value of a physical observable in dependence on the duration of its measurement .  ⁇ n we use this method for the investigation of such effects in the specific heat : we study the influence of temperature , duration of measurement , disorder , and dimensionality . '
b' we present some new conditions sufficient for convergence of fejr monotone sequences .  ⁇ n we also provide applications to the study of nonexpansive mappings . '
b' we present a new method to calculate the solid - liquid interfacial free energy @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the method is based on a cleaving potential which mimics accurately the interactions between the system s particles .  ⁇ n the method is based on a recursive procedure , which allows to compute @xmath0 in a _  ⁇ n ad hoc _ way .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed analysis of the inherent structure landscape ( isl ) approach to the analysis of the thermodynamics of folding proteins .  ⁇ n we show that the isl approach can be used to derive the most important thermodynamic observables , such as the specific heat , from the density of states constructed from the local minima of the energy landscape .  ⁇ 
b' we review the current status of @xmath0-body simulations of globular clusters .  ⁇ n we discuss the role of stellar evolution and the role of primordial binaries in determining the population of blue stragglers in globular clusters .  ⁇ n we also discuss the implications of the present day mass function of ngc 6712 . '
b' this paper considers the problem of index coding , where @xmath0 messages are generated at a source , and each message is demanded by at least one receiver .  ⁇ n the general class of _ groupcast _ index coding problems consists of @xmath0 messages generated at a source , where each message is demanded by at least one receiver .  ⁇ n the general class of _ groupcast _ index coding problems consists of @xmath0 messages generated at a source , where each message is demanded by at least one receiver .  ⁇ n the general class of _ groupcast _ index coding problems consists of @xmath0 messages generated at a source , where each message is demanded by at least one receiver .  ⁇ n the general class of _ groupcast _ index coding problems consists of @xmath0 messages generated at a source , where each message is demanded by at least one receiver .  ⁇ n the general class of _ groupcast _ index coding problems consists of @xmath0 messages generated
b' we study entanglement properties of ( 1/2,1 ) mixed - spin systems with nn exchange interactions .  ⁇ n we show that the negativity of a state is a sufficient and necessary condition for entangled state in ( 1/2,1 ) mixed - spin systems .  ⁇ 
b' we present a numerical study of the orbits of spherical stellar systems in the field of a model galaxy .  ⁇ n we use a spherically symmetric , spherically symmetric , spherically symmetric , spherically symmetric , spherically symmetric , spherically symmetric , spherically symmetric , spherically symmetric , spherically symmetric , spherically symmetric , spherically symmetric , spherically symmetric , spherically symmetric , spherically symmetric , spherically symmetric , spherically symmetric , spherically symmetric , spherically symmetric , spherically symmetric , spherically symmetric , spherically symmetric , spherically symmetric , spherically symmetric , spherically symmetric ,
b' we discuss an alternative class of quantum measurement , where a signal is unambiguously extracted when it is in a particular target state , i.e. , unambiguous quantum state filtering .  ⁇ n we consider the measurement which maximizes the success probability of detecting a signal under the condition that the signal never be detected incorrectly as the target state .  ⁇ n this is the special case of neyman - pearson hypothesis testing , i.e. , a strategy to maximize the success probability while keeping the false - alarm probability equal to zero .  ⁇ n our formulation includes mixed state signals and we show that the maximum detection probability and its corresponding detection operators are given by quite simple expressions .  ⁇ n we also generalize the problem to the case of more than two signals .  ⁇ n we apply our formalism to the sensing of quantum channels consisting of non - unitary operations .  ⁇ n we discuss the detection strategy based on unambiguous state filtering and propose possible experimental implementations . '
b' dynamical friction is the reaction force that a perturber experiences from the gravitational wake it generates in the ambient medium .  ⁇ n the derivations of dynamical friction assume that the perturber has a constant velocity in the ambient medium .  ⁇ n the neglect of the perturber s acceleration is justified by the small amplitude of the force that is proportional to the square of the pertuber s mass .  ⁇ n the neglect of acceleration is mainly motivated by the lack of an analytical framework where the perturber s accelerated motion could be taken into account .  ⁇ n we derive in appendix a new expression of dynamical friction that applies to a general type of motion and depends on the perturber s motion and the boundary conditions but not the density perturbation .  ⁇ n in particular , dynamical friction is shown to be non - local as it depends on the whole trajectory of the perturber .  ⁇ n although non - locality does not appear if the perturber s velocity is constant , its origin is easy to identify : as the perturber s wake propagates in the
b' we consider a class of multipolar fluids of degree @xmath0 , which are derived from the euler - poincar theory for continua with advected quantities .  ⁇ 
b' the tensor model is a theory of dynamical commutative _ nonassociative _ fuzzy spaces .  ⁇ n the tensor model is a theory of dynamical fuzzy spaces , which is a generalization of the matrix model .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a mid- and far - ir study of the star - formation history of galaxies , using data from the iras satellite .  ⁇ n we have used the iras spectrograph on the keck i telescope to obtain a sample of 58 galaxies , of which 62 are detected in the 60@xmath0 m waveband .  ⁇ 
b' electron beam induced current ( ebic ) is a technique for measuring the electrical response of thin film polycrystalline materials .  ⁇ n however , quantitative analysis of ebic data in thin film polycrystalline materials is challenging : basic properties of the data ( such as the maximum collection efficiency ) do not conform with established models of ebic response . in this work ,  ⁇ n we explore the effect of high injection of electron - hole pairs on ebic signals in 1 , 2 , and 3 dimensions .  ⁇ n we find that the onset of the high injection regime is more specifically related to the product of the majority carrier mobility , the built - in potential , and the sample thickness .  ⁇ n we also find that when electrons are generated at a rate which exceeds the maximum current accommodated by built - in electric fields and material resistivity , charges accumulate and screen the built - in field .  ⁇ n this results in major distortions in the built - in potential and subsequent changes of the ebic signal .  ⁇ 
b' we estimate the energy dependence of the total hadronic cross section for the collision of two unpolarized photons with large virtualities .  ⁇ n we use the singlet forward nlo bfkl green s function together with forward impact factors at the leading order .  ⁇ n we include the subleading terms required by the invariance of the full amplitude under renormalization group transformation and under change of the energy scale @xmath0 entering the bfkl approach .  ⁇ n we use the principle of minimal sensitivity and the brodsky - lepage - mackenzie method to stabilize the perturbative series .  ⁇ n we compare the theoretical prediction with the existing data from lep2 and future linear colliders . '
b' we use a deep multiwavelength survey to determine galaxy pair fractions between @xmath0 .  ⁇ 
b' we present a comoving number density analysis of a sample of 92 galaxies at @xmath0 .  ⁇ 
b' we report the detection of three submillimeter sources at high redshift ( @xmath0 ) , , and , with the chandra x - ray observatory .  ⁇ n the first two of these are gravitationally magnified by abell 370 , and are detected at greater than @xmath1 significance by scuba .  ⁇ n we place an upper limit on the x - ray flux from the third , which has no optical counterpart to a limiting magnitude of @xmath2 .  ⁇ n we place an upper limit on the x - ray flux from the third , which has no optical counterpart to a limiting magnitude of @xmath3 .  ⁇ n we place an upper limit on the x - ray flux from the third , which has no optical counterpart to a limiting magnitude of @xmath4 .  ⁇ n we find that the x - ray flux from the third is @xmath5 erg s@xmath6 , and that the x - 
b' we report the discovery of a transient x - ray source in the bulge of m31 .  ⁇ n the source was observed with the _ chandra x - ray observatory _ during a outburst on 15-aug-2004 .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the spectral properties of the homogeneous electron gas in a neutralizing positively charged background using a self - consistent many body perturbation theory ( mbpt ) approach .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed study of the hyperfine structure of antiprotonic helium .  ⁇ 
b' we present a theoretical study of the electronic nematic phase of sr@xmath0ru@xmath1o@xmath2 in the presence of a magnetic field along the c - axis .  ⁇ n the nematic phase is characterized by two consecutive first order metamagnetic transitions at low temperature , and a significant in - plane magnetoresistive anisotropy when the external field is slightly tilted towards one of the in - plane crystal axes .  ⁇ n the nematic phase is characterized by a sudden jump in the electron density at the isotropic - nematic transition , while the spin - down fermi volume continuously decreases without passing a van hove singularity .  ⁇ n the origin of the critical signatures remains mysterious and recent thermodynamic data revealed additional complexity that requires new insight into the nematic theory .  ⁇ n for over a decade in temperature @xmath3 , the resistivity behaves nearly linear , while the specific heat coefficient ( @xmath4
b' we study the ground state of the two - leg , @xmath0 , heisenberg ladder in the strong coupling limit .  ⁇ n we show that the ground state of the model is a spin liquid with a finite spin gap and exponentially decaying antiferromagnetic spin - spin correlations .  ⁇ 
b' we study the counting statistics of a semiconducting bilayer contacted by four metallic electrode
b' we present _ in - situ _ high - temperature microtomography of a mixture of sodium carbonate , sodium carbonate and calcium carbonate grains .  ⁇ n the sample was heated from room temperature to @xmath0c .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the gravitational lensing properties of galaxy clusters .  ⁇ n we use high - resolution ray - tracing to investigate the effect of self - interacting dark matter on the lensing properties .  ⁇ n we find that self - interacting dark matter models with a large cross - section for elastic scattering produce a shallow core for the dark matter halo , with a central logarithmic slope of @xmath0 .  ⁇ 
b' we present results on the elliptic flow anisotropy of deformed nuclei produced in 200 gev central au+au collisions at the relativistic heavy ion collider ( rhic ) .  ⁇ 
b' in this paper , we discuss the logic bell - state analysis ( lbsa ) .  ⁇ n it is shown that the logic bell - state can be deterministic distinguished with the help of controlled - not gate .  ⁇ n moreover , the approach for lbsa can also be extended to distinguish the logic bell - state with arbitrary particle number . '
b' we present a study of the x - ray properties of cooling flows in a sample of 30 clusters of galaxies .  ⁇ n we use asca spectra and rosat high resolution imager data to determine the mass deposition rates in the cooling flows .  ⁇ n we find that the observed masses of intrinsic x - ray absorbing material are in reasonable agreement with the masses expected to have been deposited by the cooling flows over their lifetimes .  ⁇ 
b' we present very long baseline array ( vlba ) observations of the @xmath0 , sio maser emission toward the long - period variable iktau .  ⁇ n the sio maser emission is detected in the vlba - vla .  ⁇ 
b' we present a theoretical study of the nanophase aggregation of sulfonate groups in a proton - conducting electrolyte membrane ( pem ) .  ⁇ n the membrane is composed of a perfluorinated polymer backbone and side chains terminated by strongly acidic sulfonic head groups .  ⁇ n the sulfonate groups dissociate into so@xmath0 groups on the polymer backbone , and protons in the aqueous sub - phase extend through the membrane .  ⁇ n the sulfonate groups dissociate into so@xmath1 groups on the side chains , and protons in the aqueous sub - phase extend through the membrane .  ⁇ n the sulfonate groups dissociate into so@xmath1 groups on the side chains , and protons in the sub - phase extend through the membrane .  ⁇ n the sulfonate groups dissociate into so@xmath1 groups on the side chains , and protons in
b' we report on the synthesis of a single crystal of mnbi , a candidate permanent magnet .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new analysis of the morphology of pne based on a new , axisymmetric , spherical nebula .  ⁇ n we find that the nebulae are dominated by a spherical nebula .  ⁇ n the nebulae are dominated by a spherical nebula .  ⁇ n the nebulae are dominated by a spherical nebula .  ⁇ n the nebulae are dominated by a spherical nebula .  ⁇ n the nebulae are dominated by a spherical nebula .  ⁇ n the nebulae are dominated by a spherical nebula .  ⁇ n the nebulae are dominated by a spherical nebula .  ⁇ n the nebulae are
b' we propose a protocol for quantum key distribution ( qkd ) based on the resource of intra - particle entanglement .  ⁇ n the protocol is based on a bell test with intra - particle entanglement , which is local .  ⁇ 
b' we study the ground state of lattice qcd in the strong - coupling limit .  ⁇ n we start with nearest - neighbor fermions , which suffer from species doubling and possess a global @xmath0 symmetry group .  ⁇ n we break the too - large symmetry group with next - nearest - neighbor couplings along the axes in the fermion hopping hamiltonian .  ⁇ n we find that the ground state of the theory is a generalized antiferromagnet with spin operators constructed of fermion bilinears .  ⁇ n we also find that the effective hamiltonian for the color - singlet fermion pairs is a generalized antiferromagnet , with spin operators constructed of fermion bilinears .  ⁇ n we find that the ground state of the theory is a crystalline superconductor with broken translation invariance .  ⁇ n we also find that the effective hamiltonian for the color - singlet fermion pairs is a generalized antiferrom
b' we present a model for the conditional probabilities of detecting multiphoton entangled states using a photon - number - resolving detector .  ⁇ 
b' the van der waals and casimir forces between graphene and ideal metal plane are calculated at zero and nonzero temperature using the lifshitz theory .  ⁇ n the reflection coefficients of the electromagnetic oscillations are expressed via the polarization tensor .  ⁇ n the dependence of the reflection coefficients on temperature is explicitly calculated .  ⁇ n the results are compared with the results of the lifshitz theory .  ⁇ 
b' we develop a theory of flag bicolorings and the related concepts of coverings and pseudo - orientations .  ⁇ n we show that the set of bicolorings of a map can be given a natural group structure .  ⁇ n we also determine , for each possible group , which surfaces admit maps with the given group of bicolorings .  ⁇ n finally , we generalize some of the results about maps to higher dimensional structures . '
b' we consider a non - abelian gauged o(3 ) sigma model with a nonminimal coupling .  ⁇ n self - dual soliton solutions are obtained at a critical value for the nonminimal coupling constant .  ⁇ n the magnetic flux is topologically quantized only for topological solitons .  ⁇ n the bogomolnyi bound is achieved with the introduction of a neutral scalar field .  ⁇ n we give the asymptotic behaviour of the topological and the nontopological solitons and present the numerically calculated soliton profiles for _ both _ cases . '
b' we study the role of exchange effects in the relativistic mean - field ( rmf ) model .  ⁇ n the point - coupling model is used to calculate the two - body point - coupling constants of the standard rmf model .  ⁇ n the exchange effects are treated explicitly by using the hartree - fock formalism .  ⁇ n the results are compared with those of an effective hartree theory .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a study of the radio emission from the middle - aged ( 0.5 myr ) pulsar psr b105552 .  ⁇ n the pulsar s radio emission is well - separated from the main pulse , and shows a broad @xmath0-ray profile .  ⁇ n the pulsar s radio emission is well - described by a single power - law with a photon index of @
b' we present the intrinsic width of the si @xmath0line in a sample of compton - thick active galactic nuclei ( agn ) observed with the high energy transmission grating spectrometer ( hetgs ) .  ⁇ n the intrinsic line width is @xmath1 km s@xmath2 , which corresponds to a parsec - scale distance of the emitting region of the fe @xmath0line .  ⁇ n the heg spectral resolution is @xmath3 km s@xmath2 , which is a factor of 4 better than that at 6.4 kev .  ⁇ n the heg spectral resolution is @xmath4 km s@xmath2 , which is a factor of 4 better than that at 6.4 kev .  ⁇ n the heg spectral resolution is @xmath5 km s@xmath2 .  ⁇ n the heg spectral resolution is @xmath6 km s@
b' we study the electronic structure of phenylene - acetylene oligomers using a blend of semi - empirical and time - dependent density functional theory ( td - dft ) methods .  ⁇ n we focus on oligomers of two to ten - dimensional rigidity .  ⁇ 
b' we experimentally demonstrate that the polarization of hyperpolarized solid - state @xmath0xe produced by spin exchange is transferred to the proton of solid - state @xmath1hcl via spinoe without using low - field thermal mixing or hartmann - hahn matching condition .  ⁇ n this method yields the proton enhancement of 6 by comparison of that without optical pumping on a bruker sy-80 m nmr spectrometer at 142 k , leading us to take a step towards realizing laser - enhanced solid - state quantum computer . '
b' we present high spatial resolution _ chandra _ acis - s spectroscopy of the richness class ii , bautz - morgan type i cluster abell 2029 .  ⁇ 
b' we study the single - site entanglement entropy @xmath0 near the mott transition in the fermionic hubbard model in infinite spatial dimensions .  ⁇ n we find that the singularity of @xmath0 at @
b' we present a systematic study of the non - relativistic amplitudes for the quasielastic @xmath0 and @xmath1 reactions .  ⁇ n we use a gram - schmidt orthogonalization procedure to construct the continuum states .  ⁇ n we find that the non - relativistic amplitudes are systematically affected by the non - orthogonality defect .  ⁇ 
b' we study a bilayer kane - mele - hubbard model with lattice distortion and spin exchange interaction . in the non - interacting case ,  ⁇ n the topological phase shows the quantized spin - hall conductivity @xmath0 , implying that electrons with up- and down - spin state propagate in opposite direction ( helical modes ) in each layer .  ⁇ n our study reveals that in the presence of electron correlations , the helical modes in the single - particle spectrum are gapped , while the spin - chern number remains unchanged in the bulk .  ⁇ n these results demonstrate the possible realization of the topological edge mott insulating ( temi ) state where the edge modes remain gapless only in the collective channels .  ⁇ n we also elucidate which collective channels host gapless edge modes by employing the bosonization approach . '
b' binary compressed sensing is a variant of the original compressed sensing .  ⁇ n a linear observation vector is quantized to a binary value , typically in the binary alphabet @xmath0 .  ⁇ n a receiver then tries to reconstruct the original sparse signal .  ⁇ n this process is called a sparse signal recovery process .  ⁇ n the optimal sparse signal recovery can be attained by solving a certain integer programming problem .  ⁇ 
b' we have developed a method to put harrison s theory on a quantitative basis .  ⁇ n we have now realized that it is possible to put the slater - koster parameters in the form given by harrison but with new prefactors and determine new onsite parameters .  ⁇ n the result is that we retain the universality of harrison s parameters , which means the same prefactors for all transition , alkaline earth and noble metals , but with different onsite terms for each element .  ⁇ n we have also succeeded with a small number of additional parameters to describe the volume and structure dependence of the energy bands and , therefore , predictions of relative stability .  ⁇ n we have also succeeded with a small number of additional parameters to describe the volume and structure dependence of the energy bands and , therefore , the relative stability of different crystal structures . '
b' we present a detailed analysis of the _ chandra _ x - ray observations of the recurrent nova v2491 cyg .  ⁇ 
b' the tanami ( * * t**racking * * a**ctive galactic * * n**uclei with * * a**ustral * * m**illiarcsecond * * i**nterferometry ) program provides parsec scale resolution monitoring of extragalactic gamma - ray sources south of @xmath0 degrees declination at dual frequency ( 8.4 and 22ghz ) by making very long baseline interferometry ( vlbi ) observations with the australian long baseline array and associated telescopes in australia , antarctica , chile and south africa .  ⁇ n tanami observations are complemented by arcsecond resolution monitoring across the radio spectrum with the australia telescope compact array ( pi : s. tingay ) and single - dish resolution radio monitoring with the hobart and ceduna telescopes of the university of tasmania ( pi : j. lovell ) .  ⁇ n the tanami program provides parsec - scale resolution monitoring of extra
b' we consider a one - dimensional version of the nonlinear schrdinger equation , in which the coefficients are periodic functions of the evolutional variable .  ⁇ n we consider a system of two - dimensional nonlinear waveguides , which are modeled by a _ split - step _ model , and a _  ⁇ n nonlinearity management _ ( nlm ) , which assumes alternation of self - focusing and self - defocusing nonlinear layers .  ⁇ n we show that the nlm can be implemented by dint of elements with a strong quadratic ( @xmath0 ) nonlinearity , which are periodically inserted into the fiber link .  ⁇ n we also show that the nlm can be implemented by dint of elements with a strong quadratic ( @xmath1 ) nonlinearity .  ⁇ n we show that the nlm can be implemented by dint of elements with a strong quadratic ( @xmath2 )
b' we present adaptive optics observations of the young stellar object z canis majoris ( z cma ) , obtained with the keck - ii telescope .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the dependence between the solar wind characteristics and the microwave emission of coronal holes ( ch ) .  ⁇ n we have made observations of the ch with the use of the spectrograph sumer on board soho .  ⁇ 
b' we study the dynamics of a model of tectonic faults , based on a chain of masses coupled by springs .  ⁇ n the model is a non - conservative one , and consists of a cascade of sites , which is characterized by a cascade of sites .  ⁇ n the cascade of sites is characterized by a synchronisation of the field , and a cascade of sites with a fraction of the value by which it is decreased .  ⁇ n the cascade of sites is characterized by a cascade of sites , which is characterized by a cascade of sites .  ⁇ n the cascade of sites is characterized by a cascade of sites , which is characterized by a cascade of sites .  ⁇ n the cascade of sites is characterized by a cascade of sites , which is characterized by a cascade of sites .  ⁇ n the cascade of sites is characterized by a cascade of sites , which is characterized by a cascade of sites .  ⁇ n the cas
b' the forward jet production cross - section has been measured at the lhc .  ⁇ 
b' we present numerical simulations of supersonic , super - alfvnic turbulence , driven on large scales in such a way that the sonic mach number is of the order 10 and the alfvnic mach number is of the order 3 .  ⁇ n we propose an analytical theory that explains the results of our numerical findings , and discuss its applicability to molecular clouds .  ⁇ 
b' we study the renormalization group flow of asymptotically safe quantum gravity , i.e. a uv completion for gravity , with the help of an interacting fixed point .  ⁇ 
b' we present a two - dimensional two - fluid simulation of the interaction between charged particles and neutrals in a reactive gravitationally stratified medium .  ⁇ n the neutrals are assumed to be a separate species , which relaxes the possible limitations of state -
b' i briefly review the main physical processes that lead to ( or inhibit ) diffusion in ap / bp stars .  ⁇ n i then discuss the effects of magnetic fields on the abundances of the elements .  ⁇ n i then discuss the effects of magnetic fields on the abundances of ap / bp stars .  ⁇ n i then discuss the effects of magnetic fields on the abundances of ap / bp stars .  ⁇ 
b' we show that the projector onto the solution space of a hamiltonian constraint can be suitably regularised so that it describes a sum over space - time triangulations .  ⁇ n the amplitudes of the triangulations are given by the dynamical triangulation and the spin - foam models respectively .  ⁇ n we also discuss the relation of the spin foam models to canonical loop quantum gravity .  ⁇ n we also discuss the relation of the spin foam models to the closely related topological @xmath0 theories . '
b' we propose a scheme to realize an effective bose - hubbard model in an array of optical cavities interacting with an ensemble of atom
b' we investigate the storage and retrieval of a broadband , quantum dot - generated single photon with a 1 ns lifetime in an ultracold , dense ensemble of @xmath0rb atoms .  ⁇ n we show that the storage and retrieval efficiency of the single photon is 73@xmath0 and the storage time is 3.2 ms .  ⁇ n we also show that the storage time is 73@xmath0 and the storage time is 73@xmath0 . '
b' we study the resummation of event shapes in @xmath0 collisions at center -
b' we consider the problem of optimal feedback control of a single qubit .  ⁇ n we show that a protocol that is optimal in the steady - state is optimal in the regime of good control .  ⁇ n we also show that a protocol that is optimal in the steady - state is optimal in the regime of good control . '
b' we consider a y - junction of three quantum wires with three impurities .  ⁇ n we show that a stronger diode effect can be achieved in such system than in a linear luttinger liquid and rectification is possible even in the case of symmetric point scatterers .  ⁇ n we focus on the simplest one - channel y - junctions .  ⁇ n we find that in some classes of y - junctions the rectification current is higher than in a linear wire with the same strength of the repulsive electron interaction at the same voltage bias .  ⁇ n in a certain interval of low voltages the rectification current exhibits a power - law dependence on the bias : @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the exponent @xmath1 can be negative .  ⁇ n this dependence with a bias can be negative . '
b' we investigate the ground state properties of the spin1/2 heisenberg antiferromagnet on the shastry - sutherland lattice .  ⁇ n we use a variational method based on projected entangled pair states ( peps ) to perform an energy minimization in a large class of states .  ⁇ n the lowest level @xmath0 corresponds to product states , thus yielding mean field theory results .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a scheme to improve the fidelity of quantum state transfer ( qst ) between distant qubits with the assistance of quantum partial measurement .  ⁇ n the key point of our paper is that partial measurement is nondestructive and can be reversed with a certain probability , such that one can probabilistically project the quantum state towards ground state which is insensitive to decoherence by a pre - partial measurement , and then retrieve the initial state with a partial measurement reversal .  ⁇ n our scheme is more simple and practical .  ⁇ n remarkably , our scheme is robust to the strength of qubit decoherence , the coupling strength and the quality of transmission channel . '
b' we study the effects of molecular discreteness on the dynamics of reaction systems .  ⁇ n we adopt a direct method to handle molecular discreteness .  ⁇ 
b' we present a monte carlo study of the melting of the vortex lattice in a thin film superconductor .  ⁇ n the vortex lattice is modeled as a sphere with a magnetic monopole placed at the center of the sphere .  ⁇ n the magnetic field perpendicular to the sphere is generated by a magnetic monopole placed at the center of the sphere .  ⁇ n the magnetic field is generated by a magnetic monopole placed at the center of the sphere .  ⁇ n the magnetic field is generated by a magnetic monopole placed at the center of the sphere .  ⁇ n the magnetic field is generated by a magnetic monopole placed at the center of the sphere .  ⁇ n the magnetic field is generated by a magnetic monopole placed at the center of the sphere .  ⁇ n the magnetic field is generated by a magnetic monopole placed at the center of the sphere .  ⁇ n the magnetic field is generated by a magnetic monopole placed at the center of the sphere . 
b' we study the helix - coil transition in the pth(1 - 34 ) and human parathyroid fragments .  ⁇ n we use short - time monte carlo simulations to study the nonequilibrium evolution of @xmath0 chains .  ⁇ 
b' in this paper we propose a quantum circuit for solving system of linear equations ( sle ) with use of qutrits instead of qubits .  ⁇ n the form of circuit is given , and the form of proposed circuit is presented .  ⁇ n numerical simulations are presented , corresponding to the process of searching of solution .  ⁇ 
b' we report the discovery of the rossiter - mclaughlin effect ( rm effect ) in the transiting planet hd 17156b .  ⁇ 
b' convolutional arithmetic circuits are a class of convolutional networks that follow the standard paradigm of locality , weight sharing and pooling , yet differ from the most conventional convolutional networks in that their point - wise activations are linear , with non - linearity originating from product pooling .  ⁇ n we analyze the inductive bias of convolutional arithmetic circuits , focusing on the case of convolutional arithmetic circuits .  ⁇ n we show that besides a negligible ( zero measure ) set , all functions realizable by a deep network of polynomial size require exponential size in order to be realized ( or approximated ) by a shallower network .  ⁇ n this result , termed _ depth efficiency _ , stands in contrast to previous depth efficiency results , which merely showed _ existence _ of functions efficiently realizable by deep networks but not by shallow ones .  ⁇ n we empirically validate our conclusions with both convolutional arithmetic circuits and _ convolutional rectifier
b' we consider the application of importance sampling type correction to markov chain monte carlo ( mcmc ) .  ⁇ n we show that the mcmc output is corrected with importance sampling type estimates .  ⁇ n we give general conditions under which central limit theorems hold .  ⁇ 
b' we present a theoretical analysis of the binary pulsar system psr j0737 - 3039 .  ⁇ n we show that , if the origin of the present - day spin of pulsar b is a single , impulsive kick , then this kick must have been displaced from the center of mass of the exploding star by at least 1 km and probably 510 km .  ⁇ n such offset distances are a significant fraction of the expected radii of neutron stars .  ⁇ n we argue that the origin of most of psr j0737 - 3039 b s spin is connected to its supernova explosion .  ⁇ n we find that , if the source of the present - day spin of pulsar b is a single , impulsive kick , then this kick must have been displaced from the center of mass of the exploding star by at least 1 km and probably 510 km .  ⁇ n such offset distances are a significant fraction of the expected radii of neutron stars
b' we present the results of a deep , deep , multicolour , hst / wfpc2 ccd imaging survey of the hdf .  ⁇ 
b' we present alma observations of the bok globule cb230 .  ⁇ n the mm continuum emission is traced by the c@xmath0o(1@xmath20 ) and n@xmath3h@xmath4(1@xmath20 ) lines at 110 and at 93ghz , respectively .  ⁇ n the n@xmath3h@xmath4(1@xmath20 ) line is traced by the c@xmath1o(1@xmath20 ) and n@xmath3h@xmath4(1@xmath20 ) lines at 110 and at 93ghz , respectively .  ⁇ n the n@xmath3h@xmath4(1@xmath20 ) line is traced by the c@xmath1o(1@xmath20 ) and n@
b' we have used a monte - carlo simulation to study bond and site percolation on the simple cubic ( s.c . ) , face - centered cubic ( f.c.c . ) , and body - centered cubic ( b.c.c . ) lattices .  ⁇ n we have found that the critical thresholds for bond and site percolation on the s.c .  ⁇ n , f.c.c . , and b.c.c .  ⁇ n lattices are @xmath0 and @xmath1 , respectively .  ⁇ n the critical exponents for bond and site percolation on the s.c .  ⁇ n lattice are @xmath2 and @xmath3 , respectively .  ⁇ n the critical exponents for bond and site percolation on the f.c.c .  ⁇ n lattice are @xmath4 and @xmath5 , respectively . 
b' we present the results of a _ asca _ observation of the soft gamma repeater sgr1627 - 41 .  ⁇ 
b' we study a sample of gamma - ray bursts ( grbs ) with x - ray flares observed by the _ swift _ x - ray telescope .  ⁇ n we compute the average energy output from the central engine as a function of the time elapsed since the grb explosion , and we compare it to several mechanisms for energy extraction from a magnetar or a black hole .  ⁇ n we find that the isotropic equivalent luminosity of the outflow ranges from @xmath0 erg / s during the prompt phase to @xmath0 erg / s during flares at late times .  ⁇ n we discuss the limitations of our results and their implications . '
b' the effects of parity violation and global system polarization on the azimuthal correlations of charged particles are studied .  ⁇ n the global polarization of the system is examined by measuring the polarization of strange hyperons with respect to the collision reaction plane .  ⁇ n the hyperon polarization can be assessed via anisotropy in angular distribution of decay products in the hyperon s rest frame measured with respect to the collision reaction plane .  ⁇ n the hyperon polarization can be assessed via anisotropy in angular distribution of decay products in the hyperon s rest frame measured with respect to the collision reaction plane .  ⁇ n the hyperon polarization can be assessed via anisotropy in angular distribution of decay products in the hyperon s rest frame measured with respect to the collision reaction plane .  ⁇ n the hyperon polarization can be assessed via anisotropy in angular distribution of decay products in the hyperon s rest frame measured with respect to the collision reaction plane .  ⁇ n the hyperon polarization can be assessed via anis
b' we present a detailed analysis of the gravitational and electromagnetic radiation from the coalescence of two neutron star binaries ( nsns ) .  ⁇ n we show that the gravitational radiation is dominated by the accretion disk and the jet , and that the gravitational radiation is dominated by the emitted electromagnetic radiation .  ⁇ n the emitted gravitational radiation is dominated by the accretion disk and the jet .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the dynamics of a single - mode atom in a one - dimensional array of coupled cavities .  ⁇ n we consider a single - mode atom , each containing a single two - level atom , and a single field mode .  ⁇ n we show that the dynamics is governed by a jaynes - cummings - hubbard interaction , which is induced by a gapped field normal mode .  ⁇ n we also show that the atom - field interaction can persist even if the system size is increased .  ⁇ 
b' we have investigated the quantum size effect ( qse ) on the dielectric function of al(111 ) films with both intraband and interband contributions in the thickness range from 1 monolayer ( ml ) to 39 mls , using first - principles density functional theory calculations within the random phase approximation .  ⁇ n we found that the plasma frequency is reduced due to the transfer of electronic transition strength from the intraband to interband transitions and the amount of such reduction oscillates as a function of film thickness .  ⁇ n also , we found that for the films thinner than 15 mls , the imaginary part of in - plane dielectric constant with energy greater than 1.5 ev is decreased to be smaller than the bulk value .  ⁇ n this may translate into less energy loss in the plasmonic devices made of al(111 ) films thinner than 15 mls . '
b' we report the real time relaxation dynamics of surface polarization clusters in batio@xmath0 crystal at the curie temperature ( @xmath1 ) by the picosecond soft x - ray laser speckle measurement .  ⁇ n the intensity of speckle pattern is found to decay as the delay time from the first soft x - ray pulse is increased .  ⁇ n the relaxation time of ferroelectric clusters is found to be reduced by a factor of two .  ⁇ n the relaxation time of ferroelectric clusters is found to be reduced by a factor of two .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new heaviside calculus for linear ordinary differential equations .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a simple geometrical model to explain the formation of myelin figures in a drop of dimyristoyl phosphatidylcholine bilayer vesicles in water .  ⁇ n the model is based on a free energy analysis of the evaporative flow .  ⁇ 
b' in this paper , we propose a lattice boltzmann ( lb ) model for compressible fluids based on the multiple relaxation time ( mrt ) lattice boltzmann ( lb ) method .  ⁇ n the mrt lb model is a generalization of the bhatnagar - gross - krook ( bgk ) lb model .  ⁇ 
b' we present near - infrared transmission spectroscopy of the planetary transiting exoplanet wasp-121b .  ⁇ n the transit was observed with the _ hubble space telescope _ on 2016 february 6 ut .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a search for a possible counterpart to the unidentified very high energy gamma - ray source hess j1427608 .  ⁇ n the x - ray spectrum of hess j1427608 is well fitted by a power - law with a photon index of @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the x - ray spectrum is well fitted by a power - law with a photon index of @xmath1 .  ⁇ n the x - ray spectrum is well fitted by a power - law with a photon index of @xmath2 .  ⁇ n the x - ray spectrum is well fitted by a power - law with a photon index of @xmath3 .  ⁇ n the x - ray spectrum is well fitted by a power - law with a photon index of @xmath1 .  ⁇ n the x - ray spectrum is well fitted by a power - law with a photo
b' we analyze the wigner measure of a pair of oscillatory solutions of the random schrdinger equation .  ⁇ n we prove that the wigner distribution converges weakly , as a schwartz distribution and in probability , to the deterministic solution of the transport equation .  ⁇ n the blurring at the recording array provides a priori bounds for the wigner transform in @xmath0 .  ⁇ n these bounds and the markovianity of the random potential in the direction of propagation make the time - reversal problem more tractable mathematically and allow us to prove in a fairly simple and straightforward manner self - averaging of the time - reversed signal . '
b' we study the problem of enumerating any number of irreducible polynomials of degree @xmath0 over a finite field and their roots in the extension field in quasilinear where @xmath1 is the size of the output .  ⁇ n we give a detailed analysis of deterministic and randomized algorithms that enumerate any number of irreducible polynomials of degree @xmath0 and their roots over the extended field .  ⁇ 
b' we have studied the faraday rotation of bismuth - substituted ferrite garnet ( bi : fg ) films grown on ( 100 ) oriented substrates .  ⁇ n the faraday rotation spectra have been measured for photon energies between @xmath0 and @xmath1 ev , corresponding to wavelengths between @xmath2 and @xmath3 nm .  ⁇ n it is shown that the faraday rotation changes significantly with the amount of substituted gallium and bismuth .  ⁇ n furthermore , the comparison of experimental and theoretical data confirms that the magnetooptic response increases linearly with the bismuth substitution and decreases almost linearly with the gallium substitution .  ⁇ n we also report experimental data for the sensitivity of these materials , and find that the sensitivity depends nonlinearly on the gallium substitution , in good agreement with the theoretical model . '
b' we present the results of a weak lensing tomography survey , a wide - field , wide - field imaging survey of the sloan digital sky survey ( sdss ) .  ⁇ 
b' we study the quasi - linear interaction of proper modes of agn magnetospheric plasmas with the resonant plasma particles .  ⁇ n we show that the quasi - linear interaction of proper modes with the resonant plasma particles leads to the formation of the quasi - linear density distribution ( qld ) .  ⁇ n we show that the qld mechanism can be used to explain the observed coincidence of the @xmath0-ray and optical signals in blazars .  ⁇ n we also show that the qld mechanism can also be used to explain the mev - gev energy synchrotron emission , strongly connected with the submillimeter radio band , or with the infrared emission induced by the cyclotron instability . '
b' we study the fulde - ferrell - larkin - ovchinnikov ( fflo ) phase in iron - based superconductors ( ibsc ) using a three - band model .  ⁇ n we show that the fflo phase can exist in ibsc with high maki parameter and anisotropic upper magnetic field .  ⁇ 
b' we report experimental data for the mean energy of a typical experimental ensemble of cold atoms under resonant kicking .  ⁇ n we verify a recently derived single - parameter scaling law of the resonant peak seen when scanning the energy vs. the period .  ⁇ n the scaling law allows us , for the first time , to clearly resolve the resonance peak structure .  ⁇ n the scaling law allows us , for the first time , to clearly resolve the resonance peak structure . '
b' the su@xmath0-symmetric generalization of the su(2 ) hubbard model is studied for general commensurate fillings @xmath1 , where @xmath2 and @xmath3 are the integers of the hopping integral and @xmath4 and @xmath5 are relatively prime .  ⁇ n the ground state of the model is a fully gapped bond - ordered dimerized state with gapped excitations .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the aharonov - bohm phase difference picked up by charged particles that go around a closed space - time loop in the presence of the time - dependent potentials and fields of an electromagnetic plane wave .  ⁇ n we find that the time variation effect is a significant factor in the aharonov - bohm phase difference .  ⁇ n we also find that the time variation effect is a significant factor in the aharonov - bohm phase difference .  ⁇ n we also find that the time variation effect is a significant factor in the aharonov - bohm phase difference .  ⁇ n we also find that the time variation effect is a significant factor in the aharonov - bohm phase difference .  ⁇ n we also find that the time variation effect is a significant factor in the aharonov - bohm phase difference .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the cross - correlation of the sloan digital sky survey ( sdss ) galaxy sample with the nasa microwave anisotropy probe ( map ) .  ⁇ n we find that sdss quasars with magnitude @xmath0 and galaxies with magnitude @xmath1 are good tracers of the low - redshift density distribution .  ⁇ n we then use the cross - correlation formalism to show that , 1 .  ⁇ n cross - correlating the sdss galaxy sample with @xmath2 in various redshift  ⁇  slices  ⁇ n , the sunyaev - zeldovich effect from map gives good constraints on the pressure fluctuations in supercluster - scale gas , and 2 .  ⁇ n cross - correlating the sdss quasar sample with @xmath3 with convergence maps from map gives strong constraints on the density parameter and the equation of state . '
b' we consider a consensus seeking problem over a quantum hybrid network consisting of a number of nodes each holding a qubit , where projective measurements are applied and the measurement results are exchanged .  ⁇ n the problem of centralized optimal path planning for the network with all - to - all classical communications is shown to be a stochastic optimal control problem , whose computation and communication complexities are analyzed .  ⁇ n we also develop a distributed pairwise qubit projection ( pqp ) algorithm , where pairs of nodes meet at a given time and respectively perform measurements at their geometric average .  ⁇ n the qubit states are driven to a consensus almost surely along the proposed pqp algorithm .  ⁇ n the expected qubit density operators actually converge to the average of the network s initial values , consistent with the work of @xcite for open quantum networks . '
b' we propose a method to find ultra - high energy ( uhe ) proton or light nuclei sources on top of background .  ⁇ n we show that one has to start from at least two events with energies above @xmath0ev before looking at lower energy tails , in order to avoid confusion by the background .  ⁇ n we investigate the performance of this method depending on the different relevant parameters .  ⁇ n we show that one has to start from at least two events with energies above @xmath1ev before looking at lower energy tails .  ⁇ n we show that one has to start from at least two events with energies above @xmath2ev before looking at lower energy tails , in order to avoid confusion by the background .  ⁇ n we show that one has to start from at least two events with energies above @xmath1ev before looking at lower energy tails .  ⁇ n we investigate the performance of this method depending on the different relevant parameters . '
b' we present results on the angular and first radial excitations of heavy - light mesons on a lattice .  ⁇ n the lattice configurations are generated by the ukqcd collaboration using two degenerate quark flavours .  ⁇ n the lattice spacings are compared to the experimental values .  ⁇ 
b' the enlightenment of the eighteenth century europe was a period when prominent thinkers began to question traditional forms of authority and power and the moral standards that supported these forms .  ⁇ n the fundamental principles of the enlightenment , the principle of citizen representation , and the principle of competitive actors for the common good were formulated as the foundations of the enlightenment .  ⁇ n the enlightenment of the eighteenth century s society was a major milestone in the development of society .  ⁇ n the enlightenment of the eighteenth century s society was a major milestone in the development of society .  ⁇ n the enlightenment of the eighteenth century s society was a major milestone in the development of society .  ⁇ n the enlightenment of the eighteenth century s society was a major milestone in the development of society .  ⁇ 
b' in this paper , we analyze the achievable performance of collaborative beamforming using random sensor arrays .  ⁇ n the clusters of nodes in the cluster are randomly placed on a planet and the geometry of the cluster is given by a two - dimensional disk of a given radius over which all sensor nodes are distributed uniformly .  ⁇ n the far - field beampattern of the random arrays is studied assuming idealized channel model conditions and antenna properties .  ⁇ 
b' we study the effect of reheating on the gravitational wave spectrum of a global @xmath0 phase transition .  ⁇ 
b' we present the discovery of two new proper motion stars , a white dwarf and a brown dwarf , in the wide - field infrared survey explorer ( wise ) .  ⁇ 
b' we study the effect of carrier density on the character of the quasiparticles in the spinless holstein model with electron - phonon ( ep ) interaction .  ⁇ n we make use of quantum monte carlo and exact diagonalization methods , and calculate the photoemission spectra for finite clusters at zero and finite temperature .  ⁇ n we find that the adiabatic regime of small phonon frequencies and low temperatures is dominated by the presence of large polarons , while the intermediate coupling regime is dominated by the presence of large polarons .  ⁇ n we also find that the adiabatic regime of small phonon frequencies is dominated by the presence of a large polaron , which is a consequence of the electron - phonon interaction .  ⁇ n we also discuss the role of the carrier density on the character of the polaronic quasiparticles . '
b' we present magnetic solutions of einstein gravity in the presence of a nonlinear electromagnetic field .  ⁇ n the solutions are a generalization of usual linear electromagnetic field and the nonlinearity effects on the electromagnetic field , solutions , charge , deficit angle and so on .  ⁇ n we find that , in general case , the expression of the electric field depends on the dimension , @xmath0 , and the power of nonlinearity , @
b' we revisit the quintom model with two scalar fields , one being the quintessence and another being the phantom field .  ⁇ n we find that the quintom model with an oscillating equation of state across -1 is favored by the current supernova ia data , cmb and lss .  ⁇ n the phantom model with the oscillating equation of state is also favored by the current lss data .  ⁇ n the phantom model with the oscillating equation of state across -1 is also favored .  ⁇ n the phantom model with the oscillating equation of state across -1 is also favored .  ⁇ n the phantom model with the oscillating equation of state across -1 is also favored .  ⁇ n the phantom model with the oscillating equation of state across -1 is also favored .  ⁇ 
b' the energy spectrum of the beam disrupted in a linear collider is measured in the beam extraction line .  ⁇ n the beam is transported from the ip to the dump .  ⁇ 
b' we report on microwave characterization of microstriplines printed on a polyimide flex circuit substrate .  ⁇ n the microstriplines were tested on two ground plane patterns .  ⁇ n the first was a set of 8 parallel microstrip lines to evaluate the performance of multiple - line tee resonators .  ⁇ n the second was a set of 8 parallel microstrip lines to evaluate the performance of multiple - line tee resonators over two ground plane patterns .  ⁇ n the first included microwave resonators to evaluate materials properties at 297 and 77k ( room temperature and liquid nitrogen ) .  ⁇ n the second was a set of 8 parallel microstrip lines to evaluate multiple - line performance over two ground plane patterns .  ⁇ n the first included microwave resonators to evaluate materials properties at 297 and 77k ( room temperature and liquid nitrogen ) .  ⁇ n the second was a set of 8 parallel microstrip lines to evaluate multiple - line performance over two ground plane patterns .  ⁇ n the first included microwave re
b' we present the results of a study of the ices accreted by comet 67p / churyumov - gerasimenko ( 67p / c - g ) , a protosolar nebula , in the protosolar nebula .  ⁇ 
b' we study the possibility of a new gauge boson @xmath0 in a type i two higgs doublet model .  ⁇ n the @xmath0 gauge symmetry is promoted to a gauged @xmath0 symmetry , and the @xmath1 symmetry is spontaneously broken .  ⁇ n the @xmath2 coupling to the standard model fermions can be mediated by mixing with the neutral gauge bosons .  ⁇ n the @xmath2 can communicate with the standard model fermions only through kinetic and/or mass mixing with the neutral gauge bosons .  ⁇ n the @xmath2 can communicate with the standard model fermions only through kinetic mixing with the neutral gauge bosons .  ⁇ n the @xmath2 can communicate with the standard model fermions only through kinetic mixing with the neutral gauge bosons .  ⁇ n the @xmath2 can communicate with the standard model fermions only through kinetic mixing with the neutral gauge bosons .  ⁇ n the @xmath2 can communicate with the standard model fermions only through kinetic mixing
b' we study the dynamics and stability of irregular satellites between callisto and themisto .  ⁇ n we find that the void region extending from the orbit of callisto to the periastron of themisto is asymmetric .  ⁇ n we show that the void region is asymmetric , and that the void region is asymmetric .  ⁇ n we also show that the void region is asymmetric .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a blind hi survey of the zone of avoidance ( zoa ) of the milky way .  ⁇ 
b' we study the scattering of two identical blocks of mass @xmath0 through multiple elastic collisions with a ball of mass @xmath1 sandwiched by the blocks .  ⁇ n the block is initially placed at @xmath2 and @xmath3 and is incident to the target with the initial velocity @xmath4 .  ⁇ n we focus on the energy - momentum transfer from the incident block to the scattered block .  ⁇ n if @xmath3 , then the system experiences multiple collisions that can be understood as a series of two - body collisions and , therefore , the velocities of all participants are uniquely determined .  ⁇ n we find all possible values for the magic mass ratios @xmath4 at which the energy and momentum of the incident block are completely transferred to the scattered block . '
b' we propose a hybrid system consisting of a flux qubit array and a large nitrogen - vacancy ( nv ) center crystal .  ⁇ n we demonstrate that the system exhibits localized and delocalized phases .  ⁇ n we also demonstrate that the non - equilibrium system dynamics in presence of decoherence and dissipation can be identified by monitoring the signatures of the non - equilibrium system dynamics in presence of decoherence and dissipation upon employing experimentally accessible parameters . '
b' we investigate cyclically symmetric tilings of a generalized douglas region and a hybrid between the aztec diamond and a hexagon on the square lattice with every third diagonal drawn in .  ⁇ n we show that the number of cyclically symmetric tilings of a generalized douglas region is given by a closed form product formula .  ⁇ n we also give a more general case when certain portions of the region have been removed along the symmetry diagonal . '
b' we study the displacement fields of point defects in a two - dimensional crystal of soft particles interacting via the gaussian potential .  ⁇ n we compare the results with the predictions of continuum elastic theory .  ⁇ n it is shown that in solving the equations of elasticity theory boundary conditions are used that match those of the simulations .  ⁇ n for the periodic boundary conditions commonly applied in computer simulations , the displacement fields of single defects can be determined using the technique of ewald summation familiar from electrostatics .  ⁇ n while elasticity theory properly describes the disturbances and interactions created by lattice imperfections on a larger scale , discrete lattice effects dominate on spatial scales of the order of few lattice constants .  ⁇ n this behavior can be understood in terms of a simple bead - spring model with parameters related to the elastic constants of the material . '
b' in this manuscript , we propose a new super - resolution ( sr ) method that employs a compound gaussian markov random field prior that can simultaneously represent smoothness and edge of image .  ⁇ n we utilize variational bayes to calculate the optimal estimator , pm , with respect to the objective function of the peak signal - to - noise ratio ( psnr ) .  ⁇ n this approach seems quite favorable but possibly it was not proposed earlier because of an important limitation of variational bayes that a conjugate prior is needed , and because of the exponential - order calculation cost for a compound gaussian markov random field prior .  ⁇ n we solve these problems through simple taylor approximations .  ⁇ n we evaluate the proposed method . '
b' we study the prospects for detecting dark matter ( dm ) at the lhc .  ⁇ n we consider a wide range of dm parameters , including the mass of the lightest neutralino , the spin of the lightest neutralino , the mass of the lightest neutralino and the mass of the lightest neutralino .  ⁇ 
b' we present a method for estimating the dimensions of the proton beam interacting with the internal cluster target beam .  ⁇ n the method is based on the momentum distribution of elastically scattered protons , which can be measured simultaneously with the investigated reaction .  ⁇ 
b' deep learning has significantly improved the state of the art for a wide variety of machine - learning problems and applications .  ⁇ n however , when labeled data are available for supervised training , there is strong incentive to establishing effective algorithms to reduce the labeling consumption .  ⁇ n this paper proposes a novel residual transfer network ( rtn ) approach to domain adaptation in deep networks which can simultaneously learn adaptive classifiers and transferable features , both are complementary to each other and can be combined .  ⁇ n we relax the shared - classifier assumption made by previous methods and assume that the source classifier and target classifier differ by a small perturbation function .  ⁇ n thus we enable classifier adaptation by plugging several layers into the deep network to explicitly learn the residual function with reference to the target classifier .  ⁇ n the target classifier is made to better fit the target structures by exploiting the low - density separation criterion .  ⁇ n we embed features of multiple layers into reproducing kernel hilbert spaces ( rkhss ) and match feature distributions for feature adaptation .
b' if an event is caused by a widely separated binary lens and the source approaches both lens components , the source flux is successively magnified by the individual lenses : double microlensing events .  ⁇ n although lensing events have until now been observed only photometrically , they can also be observed astrometrically by using high precision interferometric instruments .  ⁇ n we investigate the general properties of astrometric double lensing events and estimate and compare the probabilities of detecting double lensing events from both photometric and astrometric lensing observations .  ⁇ n we derive analytic expressions for the relations between binary lensing parameters to become photometric and astrometric double lensing events and estimate the detection probabilities by using these relations .  ⁇ n we also derive the relations between binary lensing parameters to become photometric and astrometric double lensing events and estimate the detection probabilities by using these relations . '
b' in this paper , the new earth similarity index ( nesi ) is re - defined as geometrical mean of six physical parameters ( namely : radius , density , escape velocity , surface temperature , revolution , surface gravity ) .  ⁇ n the values of nesi are calculated for 3370 confirmed exoplanets .  ⁇ n the new earth similarity index ( nesi ) is re - defined as geometrical mean of six physical parameters ( namely : radius , density , escape velocity , surface gravity ) .  ⁇ n the results of tsi are compared with the raw data from corot and kepler .  ⁇ n the new nesi is a good tool to give a proper structure to the raw data . '
b' we present a method for reconstructing the weak gravitational lensing potential generated by the large - scale structure of the cosmic microwave background ( cmb ) .  ⁇ 
b' we propose to measure the cosmic shear from the spatial derivatives of the galaxy surface brightness field .  ⁇ n this method is well defined regardless of the galaxy morphology and the form of the psf .  ⁇ 
b' we study the rheological properties and orientational dynamics of a fluid of rod - like particles , focusing on the rheology of the system .  ⁇ 
b' we study the quantum ising chain in a transverse magnetic field in the presence of magnetic fields coupled with the order - parameter spin operator , located at the boundaries of the chain .  ⁇ n we consider two cases : ( i ) the two fields are parallel ; ( ii ) the two fields are oppositely aligned .  ⁇ n we obtain exact results for the low - energy spectrum , the magnetization profile , the two - point spin - spin correlation function , and the entanglement entropy .  ⁇ n these results are compared with the existing results for two - dimensional classical models .  ⁇ n we also obtain exact results for the magnet - to - kink transition driven by the boundary fields in the ordered phase .  ⁇ n our results are compared with the existing ones for two - dimensional classical models . '
b' we investigate the effect of a small disordered potential on bloch oscillations of bose - einstein condensates in a one - dimensional optical lattice potential .  ⁇ n we show that the inhomogeneity leads to significant damping of the centre - of - mass oscillation .  ⁇ n the damping rate increases with disorder depth and is quantitatively compared to numerical simulations using the gross - pitaevskii equation .  ⁇ n furthermore we show that the disorder induced broadening of the quasimomentum distribution , which is the underlying mechanism for the damping of bloch oscillations , reduces the fraction of atoms in the bec . '
b' we study the dynamics of a system of interacting scalar fields , coupled to a single inflaton field , in the context of parametric resonance .  ⁇ n we show that the dynamics of the system is fractal , i.e. , the border between two different values of the floquet exponent inside a given instability band is fractal .  ⁇ 
b' we consider the problem of gravitation in the six - dimensional space - time with two compact extra dimensions .  ⁇ n the lagrangian we consider is a nonlinear function of the ricci scalar that allows to stabilize the extra space size .  ⁇ n we show that every point of a domain of the three - dimensional physical space has two compact extra dimensions with the extra space geometry differs from that of the ideal sphere .  ⁇ n we estimate the vacuum energy density as a function of the extra space deformation .  ⁇ n we also discuss the cross section of such domains of small size interacting with particles of the ordinary matter . '
b' we present a detailed analysis of the optical afterglow of grb 070518 .  ⁇ 
b' the vibrational spectrum of the molecular groups nh and oh is studied in the presence of a potential barrier .  ⁇ n the barrier is modeled by a potential barrier .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new method for calculating the equation of state of nuclear matter .  ⁇ n the method is based on the wigner - eisenbud potential .  ⁇ 
b' we study the phase structure and transitions between confined and deconfined phases of classical spin ice in a magnetic field .  ⁇ n we introduce a mean - field theory that captures the distinction between confined and deconfined phases .  ⁇ n we apply the method to a simplified model of classical spin ice , and show that the phase diagram generically consists of a set of confined phases at low temperature in which the magnetization is , to a good approximation , fixed .  ⁇ n this plateau structure is strongly reminiscent of the lobes present in the phase diagram of the bose hubbard model .  ⁇ n we also briefly discuss extensions to the method that could be used to treat more physically realistic perturbations . '
b' we study the scalar - tensor theory in a curved four - dimensional background .  ⁇ n we show that it is possible to have scalar field lagrangians whose kinetic term has non - minimal derivative couplings with the curvature .  ⁇ n we also discuss the cosmological consequences of the scalar field lagrangian . '
b' we study the effect of the spin - orbit interaction on the exchange hamiltonian of a two - electron system .  ⁇ n we show that the exchange energy is unitarily equivalent to the isotropic exchange hamiltonian in the weak coupling limit .  ⁇ n the resulting corrections to the isotropic exchange hamiltonian are referred to as the anisotropic exchange .  ⁇ n we show that the anisotropic exchange is a general feature of the spin - orbit interaction .  ⁇ n we also show that the anisotropic exchange is a general feature of the spin - orbit interaction .  ⁇ n we also show that the anisotropic exchange is a general feature of the spin - orbit interaction . '
b' we present a new model for the @xmath0-ray emission in blazar jets .  ⁇ 
b' we study the compilability of boolean functions into decision diagrams ( obdds ) .  ⁇ n we show that obdds of bounded treewidth have obdd sizes of polynomial size , and that obdds of bounded treewidth have obdd sizes of polynomial size .  ⁇ n we also show that obdds of bounded treewidth have obdd sizes of polynomial size . '
b' we study the dynamics of a bose - einstein condensate ( bec ) in a quasi - one - dimensional optical lattice ( ol ) , i.e. , a radial ( axially symmetric ) lattice .  ⁇ n we show that the ol can stabilize solitons of the gap type , and that the solitons can be confined in the axial direction .  ⁇ n we also show that the solitons can be stabilized by the ol , and that the solitons can be confined in the axial direction .  ⁇ 
b' the structure of the glueball spectrum in @xmath0-dimensions is studied by means of a constituent model .  ⁇ n the two- , three- and four - gluon bound states are computed in the su(@xmath1 ) gauge group .  ⁇ 
b' we study the phase diagram of a dual fermion model with a kondo - heisenberg - like model .  ⁇ n the model not only retains their most outstanding advantage , @xmath0-wave pairing symmetry , but also reconciles with the phenomenological marginal fermi liquid model .  ⁇ n more importantly , it yields a kondo - insulator - like pseudogap and gets around the single - component models difficulty that the same pairing electrons also form the pairing  ⁇  glue ' in superconductivity .  ⁇ n the dual fermion model not only retains their most outstanding advantage , @xmath1-wave pairing symmetry , but also reconciles with the phenomenological marginal fermi liquid model .  ⁇ n more importantly , it gets around the single - component models difficulty that the same pairing electrons also form the pairing  ⁇  glue ' in superconductivity .  ⁇ n in addition , the dual fermion model also gets around the single - component models difficulty that the same pairing
b' the properties of lower - truncated coherent states ( ltcs ) are studied .  ⁇ n the relation between the ltcs and the photon - added coherent states ( pacs ) is established .  ⁇ n nonclassical features such as squeezing and sub - poissonian statistics are discussed . '
b' we analyze the impact of the spacecraft navigational errors on the accuracy of parallax determination .  ⁇ n we show that the spacecraft navigational errors may be a significant factor in the accuracy of parallax determination .  ⁇ n we also show that the spacecraft navigational errors may be a significant factor in the accuracy of parallax determination . '
b' we consider the hyper - surface volume of the nodal set of the free stationary schrdinger equation on a compact riemannian manifold with a boundary .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new xmm - newton observation of the seyfert 2 galaxy iras 00521 - 7054 .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed analysis of the event shape distributions of the slc , sdss and rhic collaborations .  ⁇ 
b' the existence of extreme - energy cosmic rays ( eecr ) with energies above the greisen - zatsepin - kuzmin cutoff , if observed , is an outstanding problem .  ⁇ n the hires data set of agasa , which is a compilation of the agasa spectrum , has been questioned .  ⁇ n the pierre auger hybrid observatory will be able to resolve this problem conclusively by summer of 2005 .  ⁇ n we show that the agasa spectrum is consistent with the z - burst mechanism , and that the agasa spectrum is consistent with the agasa spectrum .  ⁇ 
b' finite - range regularisation is applied to lattice qcd to investigate the effects of finite - volume regularisation on the extrapolation of lattice qcd results .  ⁇ n the chiral expansion is resummed to a finite energy scale .  ⁇ n the chiral loop integrals are resummed to a fixed - volume .  ⁇ n the chiral corrections to the nucleon magnetic moment are found to be small over a wide range of quark mass .  ⁇ n the convergence properties of a truncated taylor - series expansion of the finite - range regularisation results are investigated .  ⁇ n the inclusion of higher - order chiral loop corrections associated with the @xmath0 baryon is also considered and found to be small .  ⁇ n pacs numbers : 11.30.er , 11.30.rd , 11.30.rd '
b' we study the performance of a wyner relay network with a dedicated relay terminal ( rt ) for each transmitting mobile terminal ( mt ) .  ⁇ n we consider two scenarios : ( i ) an intra - cell time - division multiple - access ( tdma ) operation and ( ii ) non - fading channels .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a spectroscopic study of the luminous infrared galaxy ( lirg ) ngc 4552 .  ⁇ n the spectral energy distribution ( sed ) of the agn is derived from the _ spitzer _  ⁇ 
b' vibrating bed of powder is a vessel filled with granular matter , and vibrating bed can exhibit many interesting phenomena like surface heaping , surface fluidization , and turbulence .  ⁇ n other than those phenomena , surface level instability due to injection of tube into vibrating bed was observed in experiments .  ⁇ n this paper is devoted to reproduce this phenomenon numerically .  ⁇ n we employ distinct element method ( dem ) to reproduce experimental results .  ⁇ 
b' we study the modulational instability of the continuous - wave ( continuous - wave ) background in a three - wave spatial - domain system , in which two fundamental - frequency ( ff ) components are linearly coupled through the resonant scattering on a bragg grating .  ⁇ n the ff components are linearly coupled to the second - harmonic ( sh ) wave .  ⁇ n the ff components are linearly coupled to the sh wave , and the resonant scattering on the bragg grating is performed .  ⁇ n the stability of the solitons is investigated in the case when the ff components are stable .  ⁇ n the stability region for the solitons is found to be close to the nonlinear schrdinger ( nls ) limit , but only in a rather exotic case when the bg strength at the sh is larger than at the ff .  ⁇ 
b' we present a self consistent extension of time dependent ginsburg - landau theory to the pair fluctuation regime of the high @
b' we study the surface bound states of noncentrosymmetric superconductors with the rashba type spin - orbit coupling @xmath0 and the helical @xmath1-wave spin - triplet order parameter @xmath2 .  ⁇ n the surface bound states are formed at the fermi level under the helical @xmath1-wave pairing symmetry .  ⁇ n the surface bound states are dispersionless at the fermi level .  ⁇ n the surface bound states are characterized by the amplitude of pair potential at the zero energy .  ⁇ n the surface bound states are characterized by the amplitude of pair potential at the zero energy .  ⁇ n the surface bound states are characterized by the amplitude of pair potential at the zero energy .  ⁇ n the surface bound states are characterized by the amplitude of pair potential at the zero energy .  ⁇ n the surface bound states are characterized by the amplitude of pair potential at the zero energy .  ⁇ n the surface bound states are characterized by the amplitude of pair potential at the zero energy
b' we present a comprehensive radio study of the seyfert 1.5 galaxy mrk 6 with the very large array .  ⁇ n the vla image shows a large - scale structure extending from the central region to the southeast .  ⁇ 
b' we present a re - analysis of the hi data of malin 1 .  ⁇ n the new rotation curve has been derived .  ⁇ n this rotation curve shows a close correlation with the luminosity profile .  ⁇ n the rotation curve has the shape typical of high surface brightness ( hsb ) galaxies .  ⁇ n the mass seems to follow the light .  ⁇ n the rotation curve has the steep inner rise typical of high surface brightness ( hsb ) galaxies . '
b' we present a thermochemical equilibrium model for the chemical behavior of iron , magnesium , and silicon in substellar atmospheres .  ⁇ n our results are independent of any particular pressure - temperature profile , and in principle , the atmospheric profile for any object may be superimposed on the abundance contour diagrams to determine its equilibrium atmospheric chemistry .  ⁇ n we then summarize our results for iron chemistry along the atmospheric profiles of representative substellar objects .  ⁇ n we also discuss the behavior of magnesium and silicon , and compare our results to those of magnesium and silicon . '
b' we present a theoretical study of atomic physics of ions in plasmas taking screening effects into account .  ⁇ n the model is based on the superconfiguration formalism , and is able to describe a wide range of ionic species .  ⁇ n the ionic coupling parameter of the plasma is defined as the ratio of ionic coulomb potential energy and thermal kinetic energy .  ⁇ 
b' we extend the strong - field approximation to the sub - barrier region where time and orbit are complex .  ⁇ n we derive the coulomb - corrected strong - field approximation in real time and space .  ⁇ 
b' ribonucleic acid ( rna ) is a nanoscale data storage and communication medium , in which data is encoded and transmitted using the principles of chemistry .  ⁇ n we present a scheme for inscribed - matter data transmission , in which large data strings can be conveyed from transmitter to receiver by dividing the data into packets , transmitting the data over the channel , and reassembling the data at the receiver .  ⁇ n the error rate of rna replication is low , but the copies may not be perfect reproductions of the original .  ⁇ n we estimate the error rates for rna as a nanoscale data transmission medium , thereby permitting the design of efficient error - correcting codes , and ensuring the reliability of rna - based communication systems . '
b' we revisit the complementarity between coherence and mixedness of a quantum state , and the distribution of coherence in multipartite quantum systems in considerable detail .  ⁇ n we provide several analytical and numerical results in this regard .  ⁇ n we also investigate the distribution of coherence in a special type of quantum states called  ⁇  x ⁇ ' ⁇ '-states , and provide examples . '
b' we present the rotational states , shape model , and rotational color variations for 107p / wilson - harrington ( also known as ( 4015 ) wilson - harrington ) , a representative comet - asteroid transition object .  ⁇ n the rotational states , shape model , and rotational color variations are derived from the spectral data .  ⁇ 
b' an orbitope is the convex hull of an orbit of a compact algebraic group acting linearly on a real vector space .  ⁇ n the orbit has the structure of a real algebraic variety , and the orbitope is a convex , semi - algebraic set .  ⁇ 
b' the time - dependent form of @xmath0 and the equation of state parameter @xmath1 are investigated in the framework of @xmath0-cdm universe .  ⁇ n it is shown that the time - variation of @xmath0 is governed by the cross section of interaction of evaporated particles .  ⁇ n the expression for the time - dependent equation of state parameter @xmath2 and various physical parameters are derived .  ⁇ n the change in sign of the deceleration parameter q has also been shown in this case which refers to the change in sign of the deceleration parameter q. pacs numbers : 98.80.cq , 98.80.es '
b' we study the shear localization of eshelby inclusions in a two - dimensional strained system .  ⁇ n we show that at small values of the external strains the shear localization is realized by minimizing the total energy of the inclusions in the strained system .  ⁇ 
b' we consider a new finite element method for solving partial differential equations on surfaces .  ⁇ n the method is based on a restriction of the outer finite element spaces to a surface .  ⁇ n the restriction is uniformly elliptic in a bulk domain containing the surface .  ⁇ n the method is unfitted : the mesh does not respect the surface or the boundary of the narrow band .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a novel algebraic model for the electrical behavior of the rf modulated plasma boundary sheath .  ⁇ n the model is based on the advanced algebraic approximation , which transforms the standard model into a mathematically simpler form .  ⁇ n the outcome of this first step is a valid sheath model of its own , but not yet of a closed form .  ⁇ n we thus take a second step , employing a sequence of additional , more drastic approximations .  ⁇ n the result of the second step is a novel algebraic model which then will be thoroughly tested against particle in cell simulations . '
b' we show that the short - time dynamics of a wave - packet confined to one side of a delta function potential can be used to identify an absorptive potential .  ⁇ n the wave - packet is confined to one side of the barrier .  ⁇ n it is then demonstrated that the wave - packet at the other side is independent of the barrier for short times , while the temporal dependence depends on the exact nature of the barrier .  ⁇ n the results are then applied to the scattering of a bose - einstein condensate by a narrow defect . '
b' we present a new , hst - based , calibration program for type ia supernovae ( sne ) .  ⁇ n the sandage / saha _ type ia sne hst calibration program _ provides a zero point for the hubble constant , h@xmath0 , for six nearby type ia sne - host galaxies .  ⁇ n the zero point is a local , h@
b' we discuss the double parton scattering ( dps ) effects in exclusive four - jet production .  ⁇ n we show that the dps contribution can be of the order of 10 - 20% .  ⁇ n we discuss how to maximize the dps contribution by selecting relevant kinematical cuts .  ⁇ n we find that the dps contribution can be of the order of 10 - 20% .  ⁇ n we also discuss the possibility of detecting dps effects in exclusive four - jet production . '
b' we present the first results of a digital survey of the optical spectra of all galactic o stars .  ⁇ n the data have been acquired at three observatories , osn , caha , and osn , and have similar albeit not identical characteristics .  ⁇ n the data have been analyzed in detail , and the spectral classifications of the stars are presented .  ⁇ n the spectral classifications are based on the helium - line ionization ratios , and the he ii @xmath0463446404642 emission lines .  ⁇ n the o stars are classified as normal supergiants , o3 , o4 , o5 , o6 , o7 , o8 , o9 , o8 , o9 , o8 , o9 , o8 , o9 , o8 , o9 , o8 , o9 , o8 , 
b' we investigate the charge noise and the current noise in a single - electron transistor ( set ) in the weak tunneling regime .  ⁇ n we construct a theoretical framework , which covers both sequential tunneling ( st ) and coulomb blockade regimes .  ⁇ n we show that the noise is characterized by the auto - correlation function of the current fluctuation operator @xmath0 , where @x
b' the model of thermal regulation of poikilothermal and homoiothermal animals is presented .  ⁇ n the model is based on the core and shell description of an animal s body .  ⁇ n the model is able to describe both the dynamics of the body and the heat dissipation .  ⁇ n the model is able to describe both the dynamics of the body and the heat dissipation .  ⁇ 
b' we present a statistical analysis of the galaxy distributions in the 2mass redshift survey ( 2mrs ) .  ⁇ n the 2mrs galaxy distributions are compared with the sdss and 2dfgrs galaxy distributions .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the spectral energy distributions ( seds ) of a sample of debris disks , based on a sample of _ spitzer _  ⁇ 
b' we report on the magnetic properties of a new cobalt ⁇ ii ⁇ @xmath0(oh)@xmath1(c@xmath2@xmath3h@xmath2@xmath2@xmath4o@xmath0)@
b' exciton diffusion , end quenching , and exciton - exciton annihilation ( eea ) in air - suspended single - walled carbon nanotubes are investigated by photoluminescence microscopy .  ⁇ n exciton diffusion lengths are obtained by careful characterization of individual suspended nanotubes .  ⁇ n exciton diffusion lengths for five chiralities are obtained by careful characterization of individual suspended nanotubes .  ⁇ n exciton - exciton annihilation process is studied by monte carlo simulations .  ⁇ n we find that the rate of eea reflects the unique nature of the one - dimensional diffusion in carbon nanotubes , and an analytical expression for excitation power dependence of pl intensity is derived .  ⁇ n exciton diffusion , exciton - exciton annihilation , exciton - exciton annihilation , exciton - exciton annihilation , exciton - exc
b' zipf s hypothesis is a popular power law for the frequency of words in written texts .  ⁇ n it is a consequence of a tension between two forces acting in a communication system .  ⁇ n the key complexity properties of a system , which goes beyond the communicative framework , are defined to display a statistics of events following zipf s law : an open , unbounded number of accessible states and a linear loss of entropy due to generic internal constraints .  ⁇ n the linear loss of entropy grasps the intuitive idea that the studied systems are in an _ intermediate state _ between order and disorder , as we shall see .  ⁇ n the unbounded number of accessible states reflects their open nature .  ⁇ n the unbounded number of accessible states reflects their open nature .  ⁇ n the unbounded number of accessible states reflects their open nature .  ⁇ n the unbounded number of accessible states reflects their open nature .  ⁇ n the unbounded number of accessible states reflects their open nature .  ⁇ n the unbounded number
b' we propose a way to probe ellis wormholes by using spectroscopic observations .  ⁇ n the ellis wormhole is a spherically symmetric solution of einstein equations with a ghost massless scalar field .  ⁇ n we calculate the amplification factor of gravitational lensing by the ellis wormhole taking the wave effect into account .  ⁇ n the geometrical optics limit is analytically presented .  ⁇ n the difference in the amplification factor between the point mass lens and the ellis wormhole lens is discussed based on observables .  ⁇ n possible observations to probe ellis wormholes are listed . '
b' we study the effect of higher - dimensional representations on the evolution of the gauge couplings up to the planck scale .  ⁇ n we find that the unification condition imposes some restrictions on the gut - scale masses of the gauge bosons , gauginos , higgsinos , and higgsinos .  ⁇ n we also study the effect of higher - dimensional representations on the evolution of the gauge coupling up to the planck scale , focusing on su(n)-type models .  ⁇ n we find that the inclusion of higher - dimensional representations does not change the unified gauge couplings , and neither modifies the perturbative validity of the model .  ⁇ n we also study the effect of higher - dimensional representations on the gauge coupling unification , focusing on models that invoke different sets of representations .  ⁇ n we also include the 2-loop effect on the gauge coupling unification that is brought by the yukawa couplings associated with those representations at the 1-loop level .  ⁇ n cern 
b' the cdex ( china dark matter experiment ) program is to conduct an experiment at the china jinping underground laboratory ( cjpl ) with a ton - scale point - contact germanium detector array for low - mass wimp searches and studies of double - beta decay in @xmath0ge .  ⁇ n the first phase of the cdex-1 experiment was performed only with a passive shielding system , and results with 335.6 kg - days of data were reported .  ⁇ n the first results with 53.9 kg - days of data were reported .  ⁇ n in particular , the allowed region implied by the cogent experiment is probed and excluded with an identical detector target .  ⁇ n we report the results with 335.6 kg - days of data taking at cjpl . '
b' this paper describes a geometrical framework for the study of conformally invariant fields in conformally flat spaces in four dimensions .  ⁇ n applications to scalar and electromagnetic fields are made .  ⁇ n in particular , we show that the equation @xmath0 in @xmath1 , @xmath2 , where @xmath3 is the laplace - beltrami operator , leads under very moderate assumptions to both the maxwell equations and the conformal eastwood - singer gauge conditions on @xmath4d conformally flat spaces .  ⁇ n in addition , our proof of this result allows us to propose a new fiber bundle in which , broadly speaking , the maxwell equations on a conformally flat space are converted into constrained scalar equations on minkowski space .  ⁇ n this drastically simplifies the practical calculations . '
b' we study the dynamics of a dilute gas of polarisable particles confined in a transverse optical cavity .  ⁇ n the particles are off - resonantly illuminated by a transverse standing - wave pump laser and scatter light , whose phase is determined by the particle positions , into the cavity .  ⁇ 
b' the xmm - newton serendipitous source catalogue contains photometric information for more than 500,000 sources , corresponding to @xmath0 370,000 unique sources .  ⁇ n spectra and time series were also extracted if the number of source counts collected by the epic camera was @xmath2 100 counts .  ⁇ n the resulting catalogue contains spectra for more than 120,000 detections corresponding to @xmath1 85,000 unique sources .  ⁇ n the xmm - newton spectral - fit database is composed of spectral - fitting results for @xmath0 114,000 detections , corresponding to @xmath1 77,000 unique sources .  ⁇ n the spectral - fit database is composed of spectral - fitting results for @xmath0 114,000 detections , corresponding to @xmath1 75,000 unique sources .  ⁇ n the spectral - fit database is composed of spectral - fitting results for @xmath0 114,000 detections , corresponding to @xmat
b' we present a double gaussian fit to the euv emission line profiles of the solar corona and transition region .  ⁇ 
b' the non - proportionality of the light yield of scintillation crystals is studied by means of the compton coincidence technique .  ⁇ n the non - proportionality is measured as a relative variation with respect to the light yield at the 662 kev @xmath0 line .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a method for calculating the electronic structure of graphene terminated by edge states .  ⁇ n the method is based on the dirac differential equation , with edge reconstruction accounted for through a boundary condition .  ⁇ n we show that a broad class of edge reconstructions can be described by a boundary condition governed by a single angular parameter @xmath0 .  ⁇ n these boundary conditions cause no intervalley scattering and support dispersive edge states for @xmath1 .  ⁇ n we also compute the numerical value of @xmath0 from a tight - binding model .  ⁇ n we also show how the local density of states can be measured by scanning tunneling microscopy . '
b' we study the evolution of the scalar field in the presence of a cosmological constant .  ⁇ n we show that the evolution of the scalar field energy density is governed by a scalar field with a cosmological constant .  ⁇ n we show that the evolution of the scalar field energy density is governed by a scalar field with a cosmological constant .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the renormalization of the bare anisotropy in the @xmath0 model in ( 2 + 1 ) dimensions using tadpole improved wilson gauge action .  ⁇ n we compare the results with the bare anisotropy and find that the bare anisotropy is significantly reduced at weak and strong couplings .  ⁇ n we also compare the results with simulations of the wilson action . '
b' we calculate the @xmath0 properties in nuclear matter by incorporating the medium effects on the @xmath1 interaction .  ⁇ n we find that the @xmath2 interaction is attractive and the @xmath3 interaction is attractive .  ⁇ 
b' we study a method to deterministically generate entangled microwave photon states of two modes coupled by a superconducting qubit .  ⁇ n we show that the longitudinal couplings can induce two - mode multiphoton processes similar to those in trapped ions , and then study an efficient way to generate superposed two - mode photon states . '
b' we present a detailed study of the gamma ray emission from the galactic centre region ( gcr ) .  ⁇ n the hess gamma ray experiment has been used to study the gcr in the 100 mev energy range .  ⁇ n the hess gamma ray data are compared with the hess data .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new spectroscopic study of the wolf - rayet ( wr ) class of stars .  ⁇ n we use a new spectroscopic technique to determine the spectral properties of wr stars .  ⁇ 
b' we study the behavior of a field on a codimension - two brane in the context of six - dimensional ( super)gravity .  ⁇ n we show that the couplings between the bulk fields , free to live in the entire six dimensions , and the brane fields , confined to codimension - two branes , induce pathologies for both fields which can be absorbed by appropriate renormalization .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new analysis of the gravitationally lensed broad absorption line ( bal ) quasar h1413 + 117 .  ⁇ n the quasar is a lobal quasar , with a broad emission line ( bel ) and a low - ionization absorption trough .  ⁇ 
b' the proton - neutron knockout process is studied in the framework of the pavia model .  ⁇ n the main features of the theoretical approach are outlined .  ⁇ n numerical results for the exclusive @xmath0o(e , e@xmath1pn)@xmath2n and @xmath0o(@xmath3,pn)@
b' we study the kondo effect in a cross - bar structure consisting of two large quantum dots , attached laterally to a central dot , embedded between current leads .  ⁇ n we show that the kondo screening is strongly modified by the presence of coulomb interactions , and that the kondo screening is strongly modified by the presence of a strong sub - tunneling mode .  ⁇ 
b' we present a brief overview of the physics of a 640 @xmath0 si - pin photo - diode based array of detectors .  ⁇ n the cspobs are a pair of 640 @xmath0 si - pin photo - diode based arrays of detectors .  ⁇ n the payloads are restricted to be about 20 kilograms each .  ⁇ n the cspobs will be sensitive in the @xmath1 kev range .  ⁇ n the si - pin detectors will be equally good to have @xmath2 energy resolution .  ⁇ n the data in 256 energy channels would be stored every 100 sec and thus time resolved spectra would be obtained and time lags / leads in keplerian and sub - keplerian components , light curve variations of intriguing objects such as grs 1915 + 105 etc .  ⁇ n we will also discuss the physics of a cspob . '
b' the star collaboration has measured @xmath0 production in au - au collisions at rhic .  ⁇ n the cross section is 590 mb , or about 8% of the hadronic cross section .  ⁇ n the @xmath0 decays before the amplitudes from the two sources can overlap , making this an interesting test of quantum mechanics .  ⁇ n the @xmath0 decay is accompanied by mutual coulomb excitation , which decays by emitting one or more neutrons .  ⁇ n the @xmath0 decays before the amplitudes from the two sources can overlap , making this an interesting test of quantum mechanics .  ⁇ n the @xmath0 decays before the amplitudes from the two sources can overlap , making this an interesting test of quantum mechanics .  ⁇ n the @xmath0 decays before the amplitudes from the two sources can overlap , making this an interesting test of quantum mechanics .  ⁇ n the @xmath0 decays before the amplitudes from
b' we present a technique which generates a narrow tunable dichroic lock ( tdfdl ) signal without compromising with the slope of the signal .  ⁇ n the frequency tuning of this dispersion like tdfdl signal is achieved by varying the pump laser frequency using aoms .  ⁇ n the locking performance of an extended cavity diode laser ( ecdl ) system is investigated by measuring change in the number of cold atoms in a magneto - optical trap ( mot ) .  ⁇ n a simple theoretical model is also presented to explain the generation of tdfdl signal .  ⁇ n we adopt a simple two - level system involving hyperfine energy levels to explain the generation of tdfdl signal .  ⁇ n we also present a simple theoretical model to explain the generation of tdfdl signal . '
b' we present a simple analytic model for the dynamical evolution of a mass - segregated ring of stars orbiting a massive central black hole .  ⁇ n we use numerical simulations to study the effects of the stellar mass function on the evolution of the system .  ⁇ n we find that the distribution of eccentricities can tell us about both the upper and lower end of the stellar mass function , and discuss the implications of this result for theories of star formation in the galactic center environment .  ⁇ n we find that the distribution of eccentricities can tell us about both the upper and lower end of the stellar mass function , and discuss the implications of our results for theories of star formation in the gc environment .  ⁇ 
b' we consider the incorporation of local conformal symmetry in the fundamental physics of gravity or supergravity .  ⁇ n we show that the classical frw equations can be solved in a conformal standard model whose couplings to gravity include _ all patches of field space _ that are required for geodesically complete cosmological solutions for all times and any set of initial conditions .  ⁇ n this is a consequence of the new properties of the standard model whose couplings to gravity include _ all patches of field space _ that are required for geodesically complete cosmological solutions .  ⁇ n this follows from the new properties of the standard model whose couplings to gravity include _ all patches of field space _ that are required for geodesically complete cosmological solutions for all times and any set of initial conditions .  ⁇ n this follows from the new properties of the standard model whose couplings to gravity include _ all patches of field space _ that are required for geodesically complete cosmological solutions for all times and any set of initial conditions .  ⁇ n this follows from the new properties of
b' we analyze the simplest classical xy system characterized by the inter - layer gradient couplings and the josephson coupling .  ⁇ n we show that no sliding phase exists in such a system .  ⁇ n instead , the value of the renormalized value of the josephson coupling is always finite .  ⁇ n this behavior is compared with the standard asymmetric xy layered model where no sliding phase exist .  ⁇ n we also derive the analytical solution for the renormalized value of the josephson coupling in the asymptotic limit when the intra - layer stiffness is much larger than the josephson coupling .  ⁇ n the numerical results have been found to be consistent with the analytical solutions for both models . '
b' we study the spin - orbit torques ( sots ) in a lattice of ferromagnetically ordered spins in contact with a conventional superconductor with broken spatial inversion symmetry and strong spin - orbit coupling ( soc ) .  ⁇ n we find that supercurrents produce a reactive sot on the spins , and formulate a phenomenological description of the supercurrent - induced magnetization dynamics .  ⁇ n in contrast to normal metallic ferromagnets , the back - action of the spin dynamics on the superconducting system is important , and the resulting equations for the condensate and the spin system should be solved simultaneously to provide a correct description of the dynamics .  ⁇ n furthermore , the resulting equations for the condensate and the spin system should be solved simultaneously to provide a correct description of the dynamics .  ⁇ n we find that the back - action of the spin dynamics on the superconducting system is important and the resulting equations for the condensate and the spin
b' we present a theoretical study on the equation of state ( eos ) of the dense matter based on the pulsar - based pulsar - pulsar ( ns ) model .  ⁇ n we find that the eos of the dense matter can be derived from the pulsar - pulsar ( psp ) model , and the pulsar - pulsar ( psp ) model can be derived from the pulsar - pulsar ( psp ) model .  ⁇ n we also find that the eos of the dense matter can be derived from the psp model .  ⁇ n we find that the eos of the dense matter can be derived from the psp model , and the eos of the psp model can be derived from the psp model .  ⁇ n we also find that the eos of the dense matter can be derived from the psp model .
b' we study the neutrino background from the reverse shock of a mildly relativistic ( @xmath0 ) jet , which is a generic prediction of the initial stages of any relativistic jet , regardless of its lorentz factor .  ⁇ n we consider two types of supernovae : one is the perhaps more numerous supernova containing a mildly relativistic ( @xmath1 ) jet , and one is the perhaps more numerous supernova containing a mildly relativistic ( @xmath2 ) jet .  ⁇ n we find that the neutrino background from the reverse shock is @
b' we present measurements of the magnetization , the electrical resistivity and the specific heat as well as experimental data from neutron scattering experiments indicating that the frustrated moments in cepdal remain fluctuating down to lowest temperature and affect the long - range order and magnetic excitations of the non - frustrated moments .  ⁇ n the results are in good agreement with previously published susceptibility data . '
b' we consider the separability of noisy generalised singlet states , with noise added , in the general case of subsystems with each subsystem in a hilbert space of dimension two and three .  ⁇ 
b' the near detector complex ( nd280 ) of the t2k long baseline neutrino oscillation experiment will be built at the distance of 280 m from the target along the line between the average pion decay point and the super - kamiokande detector .  ⁇ n the nd280 will consist of a pi - zero detector , a tracking detector which includes time projection chambers and fine grained scintillator detectors , an electromagnetic calorimeter ( ecal ) , and a side muon range detector ( smrd ) .  ⁇ n the nd280 will be a prototype of the t2k experiment , a second generation long baseline neutrino oscillation experiment .  ⁇ n the nd280 will be a prototype of the t2k experiment , and will be a prototype of the t2k experiment .  ⁇ n the nd280 will be a prototype of the t2k experiment .  ⁇ n the nd280 will be a prototype of the t2k experiment .  ⁇ 
b' we study the mass distribution of the known neutron stars with well - measured masses .  ⁇ n we find that the mass distribution is most compatible with the existence of two distinct populations , a higher - mass ( @xmath0@xmath1 ) and a lower - mass ( @xmath0@xmath2 ) population .  ⁇ n we interpret these two populations to be the result of distinct evolutionary formation scenarios : the low - mass population originates in electron - capture supernovae and has received low kick
b' we investigate the properties of the superconducting state of @xmath0 nanofilms with thickness @
b' in this note , we discuss the valuation of a contract under the collateralization by a foreign currency .  ⁇ n we show that a ccs basis spread can be interpreted as a difference of two swap rates .  ⁇ n we also show that the clean price of the contract without counter party credit risk can be interpreted as a difference of two swap rates .  ⁇ n ccs basis spread , collateralization , usd - silo , ois rate , fx , usd - silo , usd - silo , ois rate , fx , usd - silo , usd - silo , usd - silo , ois rate , fx , usd - silo , usd - silo , usd - silo , usd - silo , usd - silo , usd - silo , usd - silo , usd
b' we propose a new approach to model selection in gaussian graphical models .  ⁇ n our approach is based on the idea propounded by meinshausen and bhlmann ( 2006 ) for structure learning in gaussian graphical models , and it incorporates an additional fusion penalty term that aims to enforce the structural constraint of _ local constancy_. when the nodes of a graph have spatial information attached , then local constancy can be interpreted as a certain type of spatial regularity .  ⁇ n we assume that the prior structural knowledge about the local graph can be translated into a _ local _ neighborhood graph , which we think of being comprised of regular graph objects such as chains , cycles , lattices or cliques .  ⁇ n this allows us to introduce a _ neighborhood - fused lasso _ procedure , a model selection method for locally constant gaussian graphical models .  ⁇ n we provide theoretical and numerical evidence that our approach outperforms competing model selection algorithms where locality information is ignored .  ⁇ n
b' we present evidence that suggests that the absence or absence of broad line regions ( blrs ) in seyfert 2 galaxies is regulated by the ratio between the x - ray luminosity and the eddington luminosity , which , in the accretion power scenario , is a measure of the rate at which matter accretes onto the central supermassive black hole .  ⁇ 
b' we study the effect of dimerization on the localization of spinons in @xmath0 , weakly dimerized spin chains .  ⁇ n we show that the dimerization acts as a confining potential for the spinon motion .  ⁇ n the binding energy and the local magnetization are calculated for the case of a chain end .  ⁇ 
b' we derive the y - system for @xmath0 super - yang - mills in four dimensions from first principles .  ⁇ n we show that the y - system is valid up to first non - trivial order at large t hooft coupling .  ⁇ n we also prove that the y - system is valid up to first non - trivial order at large t hooft coupling .  ⁇ 
b' we study the possibility of generating the lepton universality violating @
b' we study the ground state energy of a bipartite system in thermal equilibrium with a reservoir .  ⁇ n we show that there exist two distinct phases , one in which some entanglement is present and another one in which quantum correlations completely vanish .  ⁇ n we then exemplify this result with 2-qubit systems subjected to different hamiltonians and curiously it is viewed that , by choosing different entanglement quantifiers , one attributes different orders to the phase transition .  ⁇ n we finish this work discussing a recently introduced quantum phase transition , the geometric phase transition , which takes place when a singularity in the boundary of the set of entangled states exists . '
b' we use a new method to derive a lower limit on the dark matter self - scattering cross - section , @xmath0 @xmath1 g@xmath2 , from the elliptical core of the cluster ms2137 - 23 .  ⁇ 
b' we study the electron momentum distributions in nonsequential double ionization ( nsdi ) below the threshold , in the framework of the strong - field approximation .  ⁇ n we show that the electron momentum distributions exhibit a pronounced peak near the non - vanishing momenta @xmath0 , which is a signature of the long - range character of the electron - electron interaction .  ⁇ 
b' we present ccd images of the sagittarius dwarf irregular galaxy ( sagdig ) obtained with the hirac ccd camera of the 2.56 m not at roque de los muchacho
b' we present a study of the scattering of a pulsar by a vlbi array .  ⁇ n we show that the interferometric visibility of the pulsar is observed on long baselines that fully resolve the scattering disk .  ⁇ n the visibility forms a localized , extended region around the origin , composed of many random spikes .  ⁇ n we characterize the shape of this region using averages and correlation functions .  ⁇ n we argue theoretically that its extent in delay is given by the average envelope of the impulse - response function of interstellar scattering , sometimes called the pulse - broadening function .  ⁇ n we find that the observed distribution is well - fit by a model that is derived from an impulse - response function that has two different exponential scales .  ⁇ n we discuss possible origins of the two scales .  ⁇ n we discuss possible origins of the two scales . '
b' we derive a theory of fluid dynamics based on a finsler spacetime framework .  ⁇ n this background geometry is a generalization of general relativity .  ⁇ n we use this background geometry to construct a model of fluid dynamics .  ⁇ n we apply this model to two physically motivated examples : a collisionless dust fluid and a fluid with cosmological symmetry . '
b' we derive explicit expressions for the current and the noise properties of the electron transport through a driven nanoscale system .  ⁇ n the current and the noise depend solely on the transmission _ amplitudes _ of the electrons .  ⁇ n we also discuss the limitations of this scheme . '
b' we present the results of a 5 ghz survey of 33 ultracool dwarfs ( ucds ) with the arecibo radio telescope .  ⁇ n we have detected a polarized emission from the t6.5 ucd , 2mass j10475385 + 212423 ( j1047 + 21 ) .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the possibility of achieving the most general quantum evolution of a single qubit by employing a one - qubit mixed state environment .  ⁇ n we show that a sizable volume of generalized depolarizing channels can not be simulated by a one - qubit mixed state environment .  ⁇ n further , we show that the counter example of the two - pauli channel found by terhal et .  ⁇ n al . is a special case of our results . '
b' we introduce a new hamiltonian to describe the microstates of jammed matter .  ⁇ n we show that the volume function is equal to the voronoi volume associated to each particle , partitioning the space into a set of regions , associating all grain centroids in each region to the closest grain centroid .  ⁇ n we also introduce a theory of volume fluctuations to calculate a coarse - grained average volume function that reduces the degrees of freedom to only the coordination number .  ⁇ n our analysis also provides an equation of state relating volume with coordination number in the limit of fully random system . '
b' we present a re - analysis of the @xmath0- and @xmath1-band observations of the galactic center .  ⁇ n we find that the @xmath0-band light curve is consistent with an eclipsing binary system .  ⁇ n the shape of the light curve is consistent with an eclipsing binary system .  ⁇ n the new results confirm that irs 16sw is a binary composed of two massive stars .  ⁇ 
b' we study the one - loop renormalization of the lee - wick qed with a higher derivative term .  ⁇ n we show that the one - loop gravitational corrections induce a new higher derivative term with mass dimension six .  ⁇ n this term is the one needed in the lee - wick standard model .  ⁇ n we also discuss the phenomenology of the lee - wick qed . '
b' the new results on atmospheric neutrinos from super - kamiokande experiment and the new result from k2k accelerator long baseline neutrino experiment are presented .  ⁇ 
b' we study the symmetry aspects of quantum correlation quantifiers .  ⁇ n we show that a symmetric definition of classical correlation and its quantum counterpart a symmetric quantum discord ( sqd ) can be used as an adequate quantifier for the quantumness of correlations in separable states .  ⁇ n we also present explicit examples of classes of states where the asymmetrical quantifiers may be not convenient since different values for the correlations are obtained depending on the measurement process adopted . '
b' we study faceting of a curved surface of a bcc crystal by using a solid - on - solid model .  ⁇ n monte carlo simulations show formation of pyramidal facets in accordance with experimental observations .  ⁇ n moreover , a reversible phase transition from a faceted surface to a disordered ( 111 ) surface is observed .  ⁇ n the model describes a reversible phase transition from a faceted surface to a disordered ( 111 ) surface . '
b' we study the tunneling conductance of @
b' we study the effect of thermal conduction on the plasma flow in the inner heliosheath and the locations of the termination shock and heliopause .  ⁇ n we assume that voyager 1 ( v1 ) was inside the heliosphere and crossed the heliopause in august 2013 .  ⁇ n we estimate the effect of thermal conduction on the plasma flow in the inner heliosheath and the positions of the termination shock and heliopause .  ⁇ n we find that the effect of thermal conduction is more pronounced in the inner heliosheath and the locations of the termination shock and heliopause .  ⁇ n we also find that the effect of thermal conduction is more pronounced in the inner heliosheath and the locations of the termination shock and heliopause .  ⁇ n we also find that the effect of thermal conduction is more pronounced in the inner heliosheath than in the outer one .  ⁇ n we also show that the effect of thermal conduction is more pronounced in the inner helioshea
b' we consider the problem of determining the shape of a dendrite .  ⁇ n we consider two kinds of attenuation : attenuation in time or in space .  ⁇ 
b' we study the timescales of flares in the early phases of grb afterglows .  ⁇ n we consider two different scenarios : ( 1 ) the engine itself is active for a time as long as the detection time of the x - ray flare ; ( 2 ) the engine can be short - lived but produce , together with the fast ejecta , a tail of slower material .  ⁇ n such slower material can produce internal dissipation ( and therefore prompt emission ) at late time .  ⁇ n we show that at least a large fraction of x - ray flares are due to a long lasting activity of the grb engine , rather than to external shock activity or to the emission of slow shells immediately after the prompt emission ends .  ⁇ n we compare the timescales of flares in the different scenarios and find that the _ swift _ data are in good agreement with the models .  ⁇ n we also find that the _ swift _ data are in good agreement with the models .  ⁇ n we also find that the _ swift _
b' the eddington limit is a situation where the radiative acceleration outwards equals the gravitational acceleration inwards .  ⁇ n the opacity - modified eddington limit in stellar atmospheres can occur at significantly greater gravities than the classical eddington limit .  ⁇ n if hydrostatic equilibrium is required , a stellar luminosity which locally exceeds the eddington luminosity automatically forces the development of a gas pressure inversion .  ⁇ n if the radiative acceleration exceeds gravity when lines dominate the opacity , the radiative force is highly unstable to perturbations induced by velocity gradients .  ⁇ n therefore , rather than the development of a gas pressure inversion , a stellar wind will be initiated .  ⁇ n therefore , rather than the development of a gas pressure inversion , rather than the development of a gas pressure inversion , a stellar wind will be initiated .  ⁇ n the aim of the present study is to investigate whether @xmath0-inversions in late - type stars , where the opacity instead
b' this paper presents a comparative study of the performance of three wavelet functions for noise removal in electrocardiogram ( ecg ) signals .  ⁇ n the performance of the wavelet functions in continuous wavelet transform ( cwt ) is studied and quantitatively compared on their capability in enhancing qrs signal to noise ratio and detection accuracy .  ⁇ n the performance of the wavelet functions in cwt is compared to the performance of the wavelet functions in db10 , db10 , and mexican hat wavelet functions .  ⁇ n the results show that the wavelet functions in cwt are more efficient in removing noises than the wavelet functions in db10 .  ⁇ n the performance of the wavelet functions in db10 and mexican hat wavelet functions is also studied .  ⁇ n the performance of the wavelet functions in db10 and mexican hat wavelet functions is also studied .  ⁇ n the results show that the wavelet functions in db10 and mexican hat
b' i review some of the recent work on color superconducting quark matter in the universe , and discuss some of the implications for observable features of compact stars .  ⁇ n i also discuss the possibility of observing color superconducting quark matter in the cores of compact stars .  ⁇ n i also discuss the possibility of observing color superconducting quark matter in the j - parc and gsi darmstadt heavy ion colliders . '
b' we study the bethe - salpeter equation for a quark - diquark bound state at finite temperature .  ⁇ n the modified interaction with temperature is approximated using a mixed representation of imaginary time formalism and then we adopt the adiabatic ( instantaneous ) approximation .  ⁇ n the constituent scalar - diquark and quark substructures are effectively taken into account and their masses are taken momentum and temperature dependent based on the lattice - qcd .  ⁇ n the dissociation of the nucleon bag pressure with temperature is also taken into account .  ⁇ n the mit bag model for nucleon is briefly reviewed and then we extend it to finite temperature case by taking on the considerations the dissociation of the nucleon bag pressure with temperature .  ⁇ n the quark mass is found to decrease with temperature in the same order of the linear confinement dissociation .  ⁇ n the condensate disappears smoothly at the same order .  ⁇ n the quark mass decreases with temperature in the same order of the
b' photoproduction of nucleon resonances is studied in the energy range from 800 mev to 1.1 gev with taps at mami and tohoku .  ⁇ n the results are compared with the experimental data .  ⁇ n the results are compared with the predictions of chiral symmetry restoration at finite baryon density and temperature . '
b' we present a new method for obtaining initial data for a binary black hole simulation .  ⁇ n the method is based on the bishop _  ⁇ n et al . _  ⁇ n ( phys .  ⁇ n rev .  ⁇ n e * 86 * , 012306 ( 2001 ) ) family of initial data wherein two non spinning kerr schild black holes are superposed .  ⁇ n the evolution is carried out using a recently introduced horizon penetrating teukolsky formalism .  ⁇ n the results we obtain are in agreement with those obtained by sarbach _  ⁇ n et al . _  ⁇ n ( phys .  ⁇ n rev .  ⁇ n e * 84 * , 012306 ( 2001 ) ) from their evolution of the same initial data family using a kerr schild type zerilli equation .  ⁇ n the results we obtain are in agreement with those obtained by sarbach _  ⁇ n et al .
b' we study the steady state of a branching - coalescing random walk and the asymmetric kawasaki - glauber process with open boundary .  ⁇ n we show that the steady state of the branching - coalescing random walk and the asymmetric kawasaki - glauber process can be obtained from two - dimensional representations of their quadratic algebras .  ⁇ n we also show that the steady state of the branching - coalescing random walk and the asymmetric kawasaki - glauber process can be obtained from two - dimensional representations of their quadratic algebras . '
b' we present a new assessment of the distance to the open cluster collinder 419 .  ⁇ 
b' we study the nonlinear electron - positron pair creation by a coulomb and a strong laser field .  ⁇ n we show that the process is strongly suppressed when the incoming electrons are replaced by a beam of heavy particles .  ⁇ n we also show that the process can be observed in the upcoming x - ray free - electron laser facilities . '
b' we analyze the effect of a combined action of magnetic and microwave fields on the dynamics of electrons in a two - dimensional electron gas .  ⁇ n we show that the dynamics in a vicinity of a rigid circular disk of finite radius has significant similarities with the dynamics in a bulk of a sample .  ⁇ n we show that the dynamics in a vicinity of disk has significant similarities with the dynamics in a bulk of a sample .  ⁇ n we also show that the dynamics in a vicinity of disk has significant similarities with the dynamics in a bulk of a sample . '
b' we study the dynamical casimir effect for a massless scalar field confined between two concentric spherical shells .  ⁇ n we derive an effective hamiltonian for the problem and compute the average number of particle creation .  ⁇ n we apply our results to four different cases : when only the inner or the outer shell oscillates , apart from those where both shells oscillate in phase or out of phase .  ⁇ 
b' we study the effect of rashba intersubband coupling on the linear conductance of a quantum wire in the presence of an in - plane magnetic field .  ⁇ n we show that the rashba precession and intersubband coupling must be treated on equal footing for wavevectors near the subband gaps .  ⁇ n we find that rashba intersubband coupling hinders the formation of subband maxima , smoothing the gap edges and , as a consequence , strongly affecting the conductance steps .  ⁇ n this conclusion is most relevant to the strong coupling limit , when spin - orbit and confinement energy scales are of the same order of magnitude . '
b' the turbulence profile ( tp ) of earth s atmosphere is of great importance for modern astronomical observing techniques .  ⁇ n the tmt site testing program , based on the tmt site testing station , has been performed on five candidate sites : 13n on mauna kea ( hawaii ) , san pedro mrtir or spm ( mexico ) , cerro armazones and cerro tolonchar ( all in northern chile ) .  ⁇ n the tp was measured with a combination of mass - dimm and acoustic turbulence profilers sodars ( sound detection and ranging ) .  ⁇ n the tp was measured within the lowest few hundred meters above the sites .  ⁇ n the tp was measured with a high resolution acoustic turbulence profilers sodars .  ⁇ n the tp was measured with a high resolution acoustic
b' the present article addresses the stability and transitions of basic flows for the stratified rotating boussinesq equations .  ⁇ n the first is to conduct a rigorous and complete bifurcation and stability analysis near the first eigenvalue of the linearized problem .  ⁇ n the second is the onset of the hopf bifurcation , leading to the existence of periodic solutions of the model .  ⁇ n the detailed analysis is carried out in two steps .  ⁇ n the first is a detailed study of the eigenvalue problem for the linearized problem around the basic state .  ⁇ n the detailed analysis is carried out in two steps .  ⁇ n the first is a detailed study of the eigenvalue problem for the linearized problem around the basic state .  ⁇ n the second is the onset of the hopf bifurcation , leading to the existence of periodic solutions of the model .  ⁇ n the detailed analysis is carried out in two steps .  ⁇ n the first is a detailed study of the eigenvalue problem for the linearized problem around the basic state .  ⁇ 
b' we study a lattice version of the random bond model .  ⁇ n we perform a series of numerical simulations , focusing on the phase diagram of the model .  ⁇ n we find that the free energy is a function of the gaussian variable @
b' we study the problem of word segmentation in noncoding dna sequences .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new technique for comparing multi - frequency images of radio - loud active galactic nuclei ( agn ) .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a study of the ir emission from seyfert 2 galaxies .  ⁇ n we have obtained images in 6 ir bands for 49 seyfert 2 galaxies : j ( 1.25 @xmath0 m ) , h ( 1.65 @xmath0 m ) , k ( 2.2 @xmath0 m ) , l ( 3.78 @
b' we present a new , deep optical follow - up of short gamma - ray bursts ( grbs ) , robonet-1.0 , a robotic network based on the liverpool telescope ( lt ) .  ⁇ 
b' we study the non - equilibrium behaviour of the loschmidt echo ( le ) following a quantum quench in the luttinger model .  ⁇ 
b' we study the evolution of the correlation properties of a system of interacting dislocations in a three - dimensional ( 3d ) space .  ⁇ n we consider a system of dislocations in a single slip , which is modeled by a phenomenological model .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a deep , multi - epoch , ccd survey of the virgo cluster .  ⁇ n the survey consists of a total of 74 novae , of which a total of 94 have been detected .  ⁇ 
b' we present results from a new xmm - newton observation of the ultraluminous x - ray source ngc 247 .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a model of the rsp game on lattices .  ⁇ n each player on a lattice point chooses the next hand from the hand of the neighboring player with the maximum point .  ⁇ n we found interesting spatial patterns , such as vortices and sinks , appearing particularly on the triangular lattice .  ⁇ n the stationary vortex pattern is , in fact , due to the frustration of the triangular lattice .  ⁇ n we also propose a random player , who chooses its hand randomly .  ⁇ n we show that a random player can be a source in the spatial pattern .  ⁇ n we also propose a model where players residing on lattice points repeatedly play the rsp game with the nearest neighbors . '
b' we study the cosmological solutions of @xmath0 gravity with the foliation preserving diffeomorphism .  ⁇ n we show that the hamiltonian constraint is a second - class constraint with itself , which implies that the phase space is odd - dimensional .  ⁇ n we also show that the hamiltonian constraint is a second - class constraint with itself .  ⁇ n we also show that the hamiltonian constraint is a second - class constraint with itself .  ⁇ n we also show that the hamiltonian constraint is a second - class constraint with itself .  ⁇ n we also show that the hamiltonian constraint is a second - class constraint with itself .  ⁇ n we also show that the hamiltonian constraint is a second - class constraint with itself .  ⁇ n we also show that the hamiltonian constraint is a second - class constraint with itself .  ⁇ n we also show that the hamilto
b' we present the momentum shift of high hadrons in au+au and p+p collisions .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the properties of density matrix embedding theory ( dmet ) , a novel method for the description of strongly - correlated electron systems .  ⁇ n dmet is a novel approach based on the partitioning of the problem into a fragment plus an entangled bath .  ⁇ n the resulting impurity model is frequency - independent and thus significantly simpler .  ⁇ n we analyze the convergence criterion employed in the initial study .  ⁇ n we also investigate the impact of the effective bath basis on the quality of results .  ⁇ n we show that in periodic systems it allows us to gain full control over the lattice filling .  ⁇ n additionally , we investigate the impact of the effective bath basis on the quality of results .  ⁇ n we also suggest an approximation that substantially reduces the number of parameters to be optimized . '
b' we present a detailed analysis of the surface brightness profiles of a sample of early - type galaxies , based on imaging data from the sloan digital sky survey .  ⁇ 
b' we present a gaseous proportional counter that can be used to acquire @xmath0- and @xmath1-ray spectra from radioactive sources .  ⁇ 
b' we show that the dynamics of a parton system produced after a heavy ion collision can be described by two dynamical scales , @xmath0 and @xmath1 .  ⁇ n the dynamical scales are the same at least on the parametric level .  ⁇ n the thermalization time and the thermalization temperature obtained , can be of the same order ( or different ) as compared with those derived in the original bottom - up scenario .  ⁇ n the results of this paper can be useful for calculating the yield of direct photons and di - electrons as well as the elliptic flow of direct photons , in particular , in au+au collisions at 200gev . '
b' we present a new method to test the correlation between the cosmological rest frame spectrum peak energy , , and the isotropic equivalent radiated energy , , for a sample of gamma ray bursts ( grbs ) with known redshift .  ⁇ 
b' we study the entanglement of formation in a mixed bipartite state .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the evolution of a blast wave with a long - lived reverse shock ( rs ) when it encounters a density bump or void in the ambient medium .  ⁇ n we consider various shapes of density bumps in the ambient medium and extend the study to also include different shapes of density voids and step - like density structures .  ⁇ n we show that adiabatic cooling of the blast wave is necessary to account for the observed re - brightening features in the afterglow light curves .  ⁇ n we also propose a number of consistency tests that correct modeling of blast waves with a long - lived rs needs to satisfy . '
b' we report the magnetic properties of the a - type antiferromagnet .  ⁇ 
b' we update the model - independent analysis of the solar neutrino problem by including the newest data of the high - statistics water cherenkov detector , superkamiokande , as well as those of the latest @xmath0cl and @xmath1ga experiments .  ⁇ n we also use the new values of the expected event rates in the solar neutrino experiments obtained in the latest standard solar model calculation by bahcall and pinsonneault .  ⁇ n our analysis indicates that sensible astrophysical modifications of the solar model such as the low - temperature ( @xmath2 ) model is convincingly excluded by the present data .  ⁇ n we also try to develop a new method for illuminating the suppression pattern of various solar neutrino flux originated from different fusion reactions in a less model - dependent fashion .  ⁇ n it is aimed to bridge between the aforementioned model - independent analysis and the detailed analyses of the solar neutrino data based on the particular neutrino flavor conversion mechanisms such as the msw mechanism or the just - so solution
b' we show that in new generation electron emitters , scaled down to the nanometer dimensions , shot noise much smaller than the schottky noise , due to a quantum partitioning effect , is observable .  ⁇ n moreover , two different sources of randomness thermal agitations and quantum partitioning may act together governing the electron emission noise .  ⁇ n the results are compared with the predictions of schottky s vacuum tube . '
b' we present a model of chemical evolution of elliptical galaxies based on the spherical symmetry of the stellar populations .  ⁇ n the model is based on the spherical symmetry of the stellar populations .  ⁇ n the main ingredients of the model are the spherical symmetry , the spherical symmetry , the spherical symmetry and the spherical symmetry .  ⁇ 
b' i study the performance of four classes of incoherent feed - forward loops ( icffls ) in a range of graded induction level .  ⁇ n the sensitivity and adaptation are quantified from the mean - field time trajectory at every step increment of the induction and the information is measured at steady state .  ⁇ n the pareto optimality is used to check the optimality .  ⁇ 
b' we present radial velocity measurements of the hot subdwarf b star cs 1246 .  ⁇ n the radial velocity measurements confirm the presence of a binary companion , and we find that the system is a sdbv@xmath0 star with a minimum mass of 0.13 m@xmath1 .  ⁇ 
b' the _ kepler _ mission is designed to detect @xmath050 earth - like planets transiting solar - like stars if such planets are common .  ⁇ n the _ kepler _ mission has been observing @xmath0156,000 stars at 29.4 minute intervals as long cadence targets for the primary purpose of detecting transiting planets .  ⁇ n 512 are also sampled at 1 minute intervals to support asteroseismic characterization of planetary host stars , as well as precise timing of transits .  ⁇ n we examine the photometric precision obtained to date on the first 33.5 days of data obtained during quarter 1 ( q1 ) .  ⁇ n we examine temporal characteristics of the raw and systematic error - corrected flux time series , and present sample light curves .  ⁇ n we find that the raw flux time series exhibits a pronounced peak at @
b' the inverse ising problem is studied in the framework of sparse hopfield network reconstruction .  ⁇ n the @xmath0-regularization is a method to add an @xmath0-norm penalty to the cost function .  ⁇ n the regularization is able to minimize the impact of finite sampling noise , thus avoid the overfitting of data .  ⁇ 
b' in this paper , we present a new platform for modeling and simulation of self - organization in complex networks , and especially mobile ad - hoc networks ( manets ) .  ⁇ n abmq is a new platform which is suitable for modeling and simulation of self - organization at application level while preserving the ability for simulating the infrastructure level algorithms .  ⁇ n furthermore , it provides many useful features for reusing the codes and models developed over the simulation process in order to build real third - party applications .  ⁇ n agent - based modeling and simulation , mobile ad - hoc network , self - organization , agent - based modeling and simulation , agent - based modeling and simulation , agent - based modeling and simulation , abmq '
b' we present a new method to calculate the synchrotron spectral index of galactic supernova remnants ( snrs ) .  ⁇ n the method is based on the non - linear diffusive shock acceleration ( ndsa ) theory .  ⁇ 
b' we study the relaxation dynamics of low - frequency adsorbate vibrations on a superlattice substrate .  ⁇ n we show that the lifetime of low - frequency adsorbate modes can be dramatically altered by suitably modifying the composition of the substrate .  ⁇ n we show that the relaxation of these modes is governed by resonant coupling to bulk substrate phonons .  ⁇ n we also show that the lifetime of in - plane frustrated translations ( ft ) and other low - lying adsorbate modes can be significantly altered by suitably modifying the composition of the substrate . '
b' the qcd predictions for jet cross - sections and variations from different parton  ⁇ n parton collisions are presented .  ⁇ n the structure of the proton at short distances is crucial to predict the physics at the highest possible jet @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the complex dynamics of processes involving hadrons in the initial state needs to be investigated in detail in order to measure and interpret the physics at the highest possible jet @xmath1 .  ⁇ n the complex dynamics of processes involving hadrons in the initial state needs to be investigated in detail in order to study variations as a function of the center of mass energy .  ⁇ n the contributions from the different parton  ⁇ n parton collisions are investigated as a funtion of @xmath1 and jet rapidity .  ⁇ n the contributions from the different parton  ⁇ n parton collisions are investigated as a funtion of @xmath1 and jet rapidity .  ⁇ n the complex dynamics of processes involving hadrons in the initial state needs to be investigated in detail in order to study variations as a function of the center of
b' we extend the model of chevalley - type formulas for the irreducible characters of a complex semisimple lie group to complex symmetrizable kac - moody algebras .  ⁇ n the model is based on @xmath0-chains , which are chains of positive roots defined by certain interlacing conditions .  ⁇ 
b' the absolute fluorescence yield of cosmic ray electrons is measured in the energy range of 100 gev .  ⁇ n the results are compared with the predictions of a monte carlo simulation .  ⁇ 
b' the hollow configuration of atomic nuclei is studied by means of the isospin - dependent boltzmann nuclear transport model .  ⁇ n the hollow configuration of atomic nuclei with super - large mass number or with excitation energy may both exist .  ⁇ n the hollow configuration may have many implications in quantum many - body theory , nuclear physics , atomic physics and the configuration of neutron stars , etc . '
b' we investigate the effect of the thermodynamics on the kinetic properties of a host material .  ⁇ n the lattice gas model is used to describe the configurational transitions and the linear elasticity theory that accounts for the loading mechanism and the volume dilatation in the course of the structural transitions .  ⁇ n the effective chemical potential is derived .  ⁇ n the concentration dependence of the chemical diffusion coefficient is investigated .  ⁇ n the results are compared with experimental data on layered @xmath0 and crystalline @xmath1 compounds .  ⁇ n the results are compared with the standard lattice gas model . '
b' we experimentally demonstrate @xmath0 threshold quantum state sharing in the continuous variable regime .  ⁇ n the scheme is based on the use of einstein - podolsky - rosen entanglement , a quantum resource that has been used in several quantum information protocols .  ⁇ n we show that the scheme can be extended to a @xmath1 threshold scheme without a corresponding scale up in quantum resources . '
b' we consider a family of quantum scalar fields which generate a repulsive casimir force in a closed universe .  ⁇ n this family includes the simplest case one could consider : a minimally coupled massless scalar field with no potential .  ⁇ 
b' we study the anomaly inflow in a brane - world model .  ⁇ n we show that the anomaly inflow is a generic feature of the brane - world model .  ⁇ n we also discuss the phenomenology of the anomaly inflow . '
b' we present a new method to compute the phenomenological parameters of eclipsing binaries .  ⁇ n the method is based on the truncated fourier series .  ⁇ 
b' mri is a key role in the diagnosis and management of acute ischemic stroke and traumatic brain injury .  ⁇ n elementary particles have two independent properties which manifest magnetic moments : ( i ) orbital angular momentum , and ( ii ) intrinsic spin .  ⁇ n we review the mri assessment of acute ischemic stroke and traumatic brain injury .  ⁇ n we also review the mri machine , the mri machine , and the mri machine . '
b' we present initial timing results for three new pulsars , psr j1614@xmath230 , psr j1744@xmath73922 and psr j1744@xmath73922 .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new construction of vacuum einstein gravity in 3 dimensions .  ⁇ 
b' we present a sample of 115 x - ray sources with high x - ray to optical flux ratio discovered in the rosat all sky survey .  ⁇ n the optical counterparts of the sample are identified as agn .  ⁇ n the optical emission line properties of the agn are compared with x - ray properties .  ⁇ n the correlations between optical fe ii , [ o iii]@xmath0 line strengths , velocity width of h@xmath0 and the slope of soft x - ray continuum are discussed .  ⁇ n the correlations between optical emission line properties and x - ray properties are also discussed . '
b' we study the renormalisation group flow of the two - dimensional ising model in the presence of a magnetic field .  ⁇ n we show that the flow of the renormalisation group flow is a consequence of the modular group symmetry .  ⁇ 
b' fullerenes are a class of aromatic carbon rings , which are a key component of the carbon inventory in planetary nebulae .  ⁇ n they are particularly suited to survive the harsh conditions of the interstellar medium .  ⁇ n we review the formation mechanisms of fullerenes in the laboratory , showing why these methods would not work in space .  ⁇ n we propose an alternative pathway , consistent with astrophysical conditions , based on the formation of fullerenes in space .  ⁇ n we show that fullerenes can be synthesized in the laboratory by the vaporization of carbon rods in an electric arc and hydrocarbon combustion under optimised conditions .  ⁇ n we propose an alternative pathway , consistent with astrophysical conditions , based on the formation of fullerenes in the planetary nebula tc 1 . '
b' the most general part of the hadronic tensor is obtained for the 1-particle inclusive leptoproduction .  ⁇ n the most general part involves polarized leptons and hadrons .  ⁇ n the most general antisymmetric part involves polarized leptons and hadrons .  ⁇ n the most general part involves polarized leptons and hadrons .  ⁇ n the most general part involves polarized leptons and hadrons .  ⁇ n the most general part involves polarized leptons and hadrons .  ⁇ n the most general part involves polarized leptons and hadrons .  ⁇ n the most general part involves polarized leptons and hadrons .  ⁇ n the most general part involves polarized leptons and hadrons .  ⁇ n the most general part involves polarized leptons and hadrons .  ⁇ n the most general part involves polarized leptons and hadrons .  ⁇ n the most general part involves polarized leptons and hadrons .  ⁇ n the most general part involves polarized lepton
b' we discuss the properties of the quantum vacuum in the presence of event horizon .  ⁇ n we assume that the fermionic vacuum belongs to the trivial class ( such as the standard model below the electroweak transition where all fermions are massive ) or to the class of fermi points ( such as the standard model above the electroweak transition whose excitations are chiral massless fermions ) .  ⁇ n we assume that the region behind the horizon becomes the ergoregion : the particles acquire negative energy there .  ⁇ n these negative energy levels must be occupied .  ⁇ n the region behind the horizon becomes the ergoregion : the particles acquire negative energy there .  ⁇ n these negative energy levels must be occupied .  ⁇ n we discuss what will be the structure of the true vacuum state if it is possible to reach this state without destruction of a horizon .  ⁇ n we find that behind the horizon the fermionic vacuum belongs to the class of the fermi surface .  ⁇ n the main sources for the appearance of the fermi surface come from the following properties of event 
b' we introduce a definition of the intersection graph for chord diagrams associated with string links .  ⁇ n we use this definition to construct weight systems for string links , and show that these weight systems are related to ( though weaker than ) the weight systems arising from the conway and homfly polynomials .  ⁇ n we also use the adjacency matrices of their intersection graphs to construct weight systems related to those arising from the conway and homfly polynomials . '
b' the gunn - peterson test of qsos suggests that the intergalactic medium ( igm ) is completely reionized by @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the most promising sources of ionizing photons are early galaxies and quasars .  ⁇ n recent observational evidences suggest the existence of an early population of pregalactic stellar objects which could have contributed to the reionization and metal enrichment of the igm .  ⁇ n i will review the processes that regulate the formation and the evolution of such objects .  ⁇ n i will also discuss the interplay between the primordial galaxy formation process and the igm reionization . '
b' we present a study of the morphology and morphology of early - phase spiral galaxies at redshifts beyond @xmath0 based on a sample of 1700 galaxies from the cosmos and candels surveys .  ⁇ n we find that the morphology of early - phase spirals is a mixture of grand design , multiple arm , and flocculent spirals .  ⁇ n the clumpy types of the spirals overlapped in the same redshift range .  ⁇ n one type had massive clumps with no obvious underlying disk , and the other type had equally massive clumps with an underlying red disk .  ⁇ n the ages and surface densities of the clumps and interclump regions indicated that the former evolved into the latter as the disk grew from dispersed clumps , and the other type had equally massive clumps with an underlying red disk .  ⁇ n the ages and surface densities of the clumps and interclump regions indicated that the former evolved into
b' we present a study of the properties of the ultra - faint dwarf satellites ( ufds ) around the milky way ( mw ) and the andromeda galaxy ( m31 ) .  ⁇ n we have obtained a photometric and spectroscopic sample of ufds in the sloan digital sky survey ( sdss ) .  ⁇ n we have found that the ufds have a very low surface brightness ( @xmath0 mag ) and very metal poor ( [ fe / h ] @xmath1 ) .  ⁇ n the ufds have a very low surface brightness ( @xmath2 mag ) and a very high mass - to - light ratio ( @xmath3 ) .  ⁇ n the ufds have a very low surface brightness ( @xmath4 mag ) and a very high metallicity ( @xmath5 ) .  ⁇ 
b' this paper presents a complete process that deals with simulated and real data in order to obtain the topological invariants for 2d and 3d images .  ⁇ n the algorithms are : ( 1 ) 2d hole counting , and ( 2 ) 3d boundary surface genus calculation .  ⁇ n one of the most difficult parts in real image processing is to deal with some noises or pathological cases .  ⁇ n this paper also gives detailed procedures for detecting those cases .  ⁇ n and we provide the reasons to modify the original image into the image where the mathematical formula could apply to .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the formation of single - shock flows in the gaseous disc of a rotating spiral potential .  ⁇ n we use a semi - analytical approach to investigate the formation of single - shock flows , and compare the results to those obtained by numerical simulations .  ⁇ n we find that the angular offset between the d - arms and the minima of the gravitational potential ( the p - arms ) can be used to constrain the corotation radius .  ⁇ n we find that the d - arms are more likely to be formed in the gaseous disc than in the stellar disc .  ⁇ n we also find that the d - arms are more likely to be formed in the gaseous disc , and that the d - arms are more likely to be formed in the gaseous disc .  ⁇ n we also find that the sf - arms are more likely to be formed in the gaseous disc , and that the d - arms are more likely to be formed in the gaseous disc .  ⁇ n we also find that the sf
b' we studied the coherent magnetic transport properties of a bilayer graphene nanoflake connected to two single - layer zigzag graphene nanoribbon electrodes .  ⁇ n the results showed that the application of a magnetic field only on blg as a channel changes the spin configuration and conductivity of the blg zigzag edge and induces a perfect spin - polarized conductance in the ab- and zigzag - stacked blg structures .  ⁇ n moreover , we studied the magnetic transport properties by changing blg width and length connected between zigzag - edge electrodes .  ⁇ n we found a giant magnetoresistance up to @xmath0 and suggested that the giant magnetoresistance could be tuned by varying blg width and length . '
b' we study the interaction between collective and thermal excitations in a bose - einstein condensate in a spherically symmetric trap .  ⁇ n we derive analytic equations for the response function of the condensate at zero temperature and treat perturbatively the contribution of the elementary excitations .  ⁇ n we study the temperature - induced resonances that occur in the condensate when an external perturbation of the trapping frequency is applied .  ⁇ n we also study the landau damping associated with the interaction with thermally excited states . '
b' we study the dynamics of a multipartite entangled state under local depolarizing , dephasing , and generalized amplitude damping channels .  ⁇ n we use the negativity of the density matrix under partial transpose to study the entanglement structure of the state .  ⁇ 
b' we study the electric dipole moment ( edm ) of light nuclei , which is a promising observable to search for new cp violating sources .  ⁇ n we show that the edm of light nuclei can be measured with high accuracy by applying an effective electric field to them .  ⁇ n the edm of light nuclei can be measured with high accuracy , and the edm of light nuclei can be measured with high accuracy .  ⁇ n we also discuss the feasibility of the edm measurement in the future experiments . '
b' we present a bosonization approach to the two - dimensional electron gas in a perpendicular magnetic field .  ⁇ 
b' the time - dependent solution of the dirac equation is obtained using the finite difference - time domain method .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the cosmological implications of the presence of a super - massive black hole ( bh ) in the centres of all galaxie
b' we study the coherent transport properties of graphene nanoconstrictions(gncs ) with two wide metallic armchair graphene nanoribbons attached to a narrow metallic one with two vertical zigzag boundaries(zbs ) .  ⁇ n we investigate the role of the zbs in the coherent transport by breaking the zbs one by one .  ⁇ n we find that the zbs of gncs play a crucial role in the coherent transport .  ⁇ n we also investigate the role of the zbs in the coherent transport .  ⁇ n we find that the zbs of gncs can be regarded as a resonant tunneling mechanism .  ⁇ n we also investigate the role of the zbs in the coherent transport .  ⁇ n we find that the zbs of gncs can be used to tune the zbs .  ⁇ n we also investigate the role of the zbs in the coherent transport .  ⁇ n we find that the zbs of gn
b' we propose a new type of hamiltonian replica - exchange method ( rem ) , where we exchange the scaling factor of the van der waals radius of solute atoms in the interaction terms among solute atoms .  ⁇ n the rem is a generalization of the multicanonical replica - exchange method ( rem ) , which is a generalized - ensemble algorithm .  ⁇ 
b' the hardy - littlewood maximal operator maps functions of bounded mean oscillation back to bmo .  ⁇ n this is a classical result of bennett , devore , and sharpley .  ⁇ n the present paper is devoted to studying the counterpart of the boundedness @xmath0 in a context that comes from the regularity theory of parabolic partial differential equations .  ⁇ 
b' we calculate the low - energy strength functions of excited states in neutron - rich nuclei with unusual ratios of neutron number ( @xmath0 ) to proton number ( @x
b' we present a time - dependent control of propagating polariton condensates in a semiconductor microcavity .  ⁇ n we use optically - induced tuneable repulsive potential barriers to block the propagation of the condensate wave train .  ⁇ n the presence of multiple barriers allows multiple reflections and the re - routing of the wave train into a confinement region .  ⁇ n we also demonstrate the ability of the system to function as an _ and _ type logic gate .  ⁇ n when the propagating condensate is strongly confined , the energy - relaxation present in the system causes the formation of a long - living coherent ground - state .  ⁇ n taking this as the output state , its formation requires both the initial injection beam and the presence of the optically - induced barrier .  ⁇ n our approach using only non - resonant excitation anticipates the implementation of new ultrafast , non - linear switches based on the electrical injection of polariton condensates . '
b' we present a detailed study of the structural and dynamical properties of globular clusters ( gcs ) in the outer halo of m31 .  ⁇ n we have obtained a large - scale imaging with the _ hubble space telescope _ ( _ hst _ ) , and analyzed the morphology and kinematics of gcs in m31 .  ⁇ 
b' in this paper , we propose a scheme to enhance the lifetime of wireless sensor networks ( wsns ) .  ⁇ n we introduce mobile sensor ( ms ) in the field to maximize the lifetime of the network .  ⁇ n we implement three different mobility patterns in the field to maximize the lifetime of the network .  ⁇ n simulation results show that ms can improve the lifetime of the network .  ⁇ n wsns , mobile sensor , mobile sensor , mobile sensor , mobile sensor , ms . '
b' we present a study of the effect of a cosmological distribution of compact objects on the surface brightness distributions of galaxies in the vicinity of galaxy clusters .  ⁇ n we find that a cosmological distribution of compact objects can produce a significant fraction of the surface brightness of galaxies , and that the resulting fluctuations are observable .  ⁇ n we also find that the resulting fluctuations are observable , and that the resulting fluctuations are a factor of two more pronounced than the intrinsic fluctuations .  ⁇ n we also find that the resulting fluctuations are observable , and that the resulting fluctuations are a factor of two more pronounced than the intrinsic fluctuations .  ⁇ n we also find that the resulting fluctuations are observable , and that the resulting fluctuations are a factor of two more pronounced than the intrinsic fluctuations .  ⁇ n we also find that the resulting fluctuations are observable , and that the resulting fluctuations are a factor of two more pronounced than the intrinsic fluctuations .  ⁇ 
b' this article presents a preliminary analysis of the first massive open online course : 8.02x- electricity and magnetism .  ⁇ n the course was characterized by a suite of logged interactions , including a discussion board , a discussion board , and a final exam .  ⁇ n we explore the diversity of the student population of 8.02x through self - reported demographics , highlighting age , gender , country of origin and level of education .  ⁇ n we further explore retention from initial enrollment to the final exam .  ⁇ n we further explore retention and performance on midterm exams in the context of the different demographic groups .  ⁇ 
b' in this paper we present an algorithm for multiaccess communication in the presence of interference .  ⁇ n the algorithm is based on the concept of interference alignment .  ⁇ n the algorithm is a variant of the best collision resolution algorithm .  ⁇ n the algorithm is able to achieve a @xmath0 throughput when the number of users grows infinite .  ⁇ n in addition , we show that the algorithm asymptotically utilizes the full capacity of the network when the number of users grows infinite , provided that any communication ( desired and undesired ) between the transmitters and the receivers is desired .  ⁇ n in addition , our algorithm asymptotically utilizes the full capacity of the network when the number of users grows infinite , provided that any communication ( desired and undesired ) between the transmitters and the receivers is desired .  ⁇ n in addition , our algorithm asymptotically utilizes the full capacity of the network when the number of users grows infinite , provided that any communication ( desired and undesired ) between the transmitters and the receivers is desired
b' the spatial evolutionary prisoner s dilemma games are studied by means of the numerical simulations .  ⁇ n the players are divided into two groups : the first group is composed of the players with the same payoff , the second group is composed of the players with the same payoff .  ⁇ n the players are divided into two groups : the first group is composed of the players with the same payoff , and the third group is composed of the players with the same payoff .  ⁇ n the first group is composed of the players with the same payoff .  ⁇ n the second group is composed of the players with the same payoff .  ⁇ n the first group is composed of the players with the same payoff .  ⁇ n the second group is composed of the players with the same payoff .  ⁇ n the second group is composed of the players with the same payoff .  ⁇ n the third group is composed of the players with the same payoff .  ⁇ n the second group is composed of the players with the same payoff .  ⁇ n the third group is composed of the players with the same payoff .  ⁇ 
b' we study the interplay of antiferromagnetic ( af ) and d - wave pairing ( dsc ) order in multilayer cuprates .  ⁇ n we show that the af and dsc order parameters can be determined by a combination of the josephson plasma resonances and the dsc order parameters .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of multi - pointing observations of the near - by x - ray bright cluster awm7 .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a serendipitous x - ray survey of the massive cluster clj1226.9 + 3332 at z@xmath00.6 .  ⁇ n the clusters were selected to be x - ray selected , with @xmath1 and @xmath2 .  ⁇ n the x - ray data were analyzed using standard analysis techniques , taking into account the acis contamination , and using a local background subtraction method to obtain spectra .  ⁇ n the x - ray morphology is relaxed , in contrast to cluster ms1054 - 0321 , the other high redshift cluster known at z@xmath00.8 .  ⁇ n the total mass and gas mass fractions are derived from the x - ray data , and the total overdensity is found to be @xmath4100 times the critical density at the redshift of each cluster .  ⁇ n the total mass within a radius of @xmath5 is found to be @x
b' we study dynamo transitions in a variety of low - dimensional models .  ⁇ n we show that dynamo transitions are characterized by a combination of subcritical pitchfork bifurcation at the critical parameter value , and a saddle - node bifurcation at a lower parameter value .  ⁇ 
b' we study the single - transverse spin asymmetries ( ssas ) in dijet production at hadron colliders .  ⁇ n we show that the ssas in the azimuthal - angular correlations of two jets produced nearly back - to - back at rhic can be explained by a nontrivial gauge link of the transverse momentum dependent ( tmd ) parton distributions .  ⁇ n we also show that the ssas in the azimuthal - angular correlations of two jets can be explained by a nontrivial gauge link of the tmd parton distributions .  ⁇ 
b' we present feros echelle spectroscopy of the symbiotic star hd 330036 .  ⁇ 
b' we consider the spectral theory of orthogonal polynomials with respect to a probability measure supported on an infinite subset of the real line .  ⁇ n we show that the eigenvalues of the @x
b' the non - locality in the nn interaction is studied in the framework of the nijmegen model .  ⁇ n it is shown that the non - locality can be removed by a unitary transformation at the first order .  ⁇ n the static properties of the deuteron , form factors , structure function ( @xmath0 ) and the tensor polarization ( @xmath1 ) are compared with different models .  ⁇ 
b' we study the dynamics of a dumbbell , a bouncing coin on a flat surface .  ⁇ n the dumbbell is modeled as a system of two masses connected with a weightless rod .  ⁇ n we show that the number of collisions of the dumbbell with the boundary before scattering out depends on the mass ratio .  ⁇ n we describe under what conditions the notion of adiabatic invariance can be used .  ⁇ n finally , we estimate the maximal number of bounces of the dumbbell with the flat boundary . '
b' the thomson scattering cross - section for vuv photons delivered by the flash free electron laser facility at desy - hamburg is analyzed .  ⁇ n the dynamical structure factor is a function of the scattering wavevector and the frequency shift , convoluted with the density and temperature distribution of the target .  ⁇ 
b' in this paper , we study the issues of attribute reduction .  ⁇ n we propose a dependence space of matroids and apply it to attribute reduction problems .  ⁇ n first , a dependence space of matroids is proposed from the viewpoint of closure operator .  ⁇ n second , we study the dependence space by means of matroids .  ⁇ n it is interesting to find that the set of consistent sets and the set of reducts of the dependence space are the family of independent sets and the family of bases of the corresponding matroid , respectively .  ⁇ n finally , matroids are studied conversely by dependence spaces and two expressions for bases of matroids are presented .  ⁇ n thus , this work provides new viewpoints for studying the issues of attribute reduction . '
b' we present the first period measurements for brown dwarfs ( bds ) in the upper scorpius star forming region .  ⁇ n the k2 mission , launched in june 2009 , is expected to fill the period - age diagram for bds with dozens of new datapoints .  ⁇ 
b' we study the geometric phase of a two - level atom interacting with a non - markovian environment .  ⁇ n we calculate the geometric phase for the system governed by the memory kernel master equation and post - markovian master equation .  ⁇ n we discuss the results obtained with different dissipation rates and different memory effects . '
b' we present a fit analysis of the qcd color dipole model applied to the deep inelastic electron - proton scattering process .  ⁇ n the main expressions are presented and the fitting results are discussed .  ⁇ n the main results are compared with the existing data .  ⁇ n qcd color dipole model , deep inelastic scattering , small-@xmath0 , qcd evolution '
b' we study the ruderman - kittel - kasuya - yosida ( rkky ) itinerant magnetism in one - dimensional quantum wires with a magnetic ion placed at its edge .  ⁇ n we show that the exchange interaction responsible for the rkky effect is not local in space but has a finite range given by the spatial spin distribution around the localization center .  ⁇ n we show that due to electron - electron interactions the range function decays slower than in the non - interacting case .  ⁇ n we also show that due to electron - electron interactions the range function decays slower than in the non - interacting case . '
b' we present the geometric distortion ( gd ) correction of the _ uv / optical _ ( uvis ) channel of the _ wide field camera 3 _ ( wfc3 ) .  ⁇ n the gd correction is based on the _ uv / optical _ ( uvis ) channel of the wfc3 .  ⁇ 
b' the first gravitational - wave event gw150914 was detected by the ligo collaboration on 2015 september 14 .  ⁇ n the ligo trigger was determined to be consistent with a waveform predicted by general relativity from the inspiral and merger of two stellar - mass black holes ( bh - bh ) .  ⁇ n the ligo trigger was determined to be consistent with a waveform predicted by general relativity from the inspiral and merger of two stellar - mass bhs .  ⁇ n the ligo trigger was determined to be consistent with a waveform predicted by general relativity from the inspiral and merger of two stellar - mass bhs .  ⁇ n the ligo trigger was determined to be consistent with a waveform predicted by general relativity from the inspiral and merger of two stellar - mass bhs .  ⁇ n the ligo trigger was determined to be consistent with a waveform predicted by general relativity from the inspiral and merger of two stellar - mass
b' we present _ hubble space telescope _  ⁇ n uv spectroscopy of the galactic center ( gc ) quasar .  ⁇ n the uv spectrum of the quasar shows complex multi - component and profiles spanning @xmath0300kms@xmath4 .  ⁇ 
b' we study the effect of squeezed light on the squeezing and statistical properties of the fluorescent light emitted by a subthreshold degenerate parametric oscillator in a cavity .  ⁇ n we show that the fluorescent light exhibits bunching and quadrature squeezing .  ⁇ n the latter is due to the fact that two or more excitons in the quantum well can be excited by absorbing cavity photons .  ⁇ n this implies that there is a finite probability that two photons can be emitted simultaneously .  ⁇ n we also show that the squeezed light leads to narrowing of the width of the spectrum of the fluorescent light .  ⁇ n we obtain the solution of the quantum langevin equation for a cavity coupled to vacuum reservoir .  ⁇ n the resulting solution , in the strong coupling limit , is used to calculate the intensity , spectrum , second order correlation function and quadrature squeezing of the fluorescent light . '
b' we present a detailed study of the tetrahedral - symmetry states of the nuclei whose tetrahedral - symmetry states can be found in the dedicated experiments .  ⁇ n we present examples of related mean - field calculations and briefly discuss the envisaged experimental challenges .  ⁇ n pacs numbers : 21.60.-n , 21.60.-n , 21.60.-n '
b' we study the survival probability of a continuous - time quantum walk moving on a random graph with a fixed concentration of traps .  ⁇ n the number of traps and the substrate connectivity encoded by the average number of neighbors per node are properly tuned in order to account for their role in affecting the trapping performance .  ⁇ n we show that at long times and when the trap concentration is small , the survival probability exhibits a ( qualitatively ) robust behavior with respect to the realization of the system .  ⁇ n however , due to the intrinsic randomness of the system , involving both the substrate topology and the trap arrangement , we generated several realizations , over which we averaged to get a good agreement with the experimental results .  ⁇ n analogous calculations have been performed for a classical particle modeled by a continuous - time random walk ( ctrw ) in order to figure out possible genuine quantum - mechanical effects .  ⁇ n our results highlight that at long times and when the trap concentration is small , the exponential decay is always recovered .  ⁇ n our results also highlight that at
b' multiple error - and - erasure decoding of reed - solomon codes has been studied in the literature .  ⁇ n the main objective of this paper is to construct the  ⁇  best '' set of erasure patterns for multiple error - and - erasure decoding .  ⁇ n the rate - distortion framework is first designed to analyze the asymptotic trade - off between performance and complexity of multiple error - and - erasure decoding .  ⁇ n next , we propose a group of multiple - decoding algorithms based on this approach that achieve better performance - versus - complexity trade - off than other algorithms .  ⁇ n the multiple - decoding algorithm that achieves the best trade - off turns out to be a berlekamp - massey algorithm .  ⁇ n the multiple - decoding algorithm that achieves the best trade - off turns out to be a guruswami - sudan algorithm .  ⁇ n the multiple - decoding algorithm that achieves the best trade - off turns
b' we study the ground state pattern formations in a spin-2 bose - einstein condensate with spin - orbit coupling .  ⁇ n we show that the competition between spin - orbit coupling and spin - dependent interactions leads to a variety of ground state patterns .  ⁇ 
b' we present the first measurements of the production of @xmath0li in the @xmath1li reaction at bombarding energies above 200 mev .  ⁇ n the cross sections for @xmath0li production above 200 mev are found to be small , essentially exponentially , with increasing bombarding energy .  ⁇ n the cross sections at bombarding energies above 160 mev were expected to be small , leading to severe problems of background scattering and long collection times if a traditional gas cell approach was used .  ⁇ n we used two novel techniques : ( 1 ) the detectors were placed inside the target volume to eliminate background scattering from target cell walls and windows , and ( 2 ) a telescope system with a wide and continuous acceptance in laboratory scattering angle was used to reduce data collection time .  ⁇ n the results of these two techniques are compared to recent measurements of abundances in metal - poor stars formed early in the life of the galaxy .  ⁇ 
b' we present a compton polarimeter with an optical cavity , a prototype of a compton back - scattering polarimeter , operated at jefferson lab .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed analysis of the he i lines in the primary massive star @xmath0 car .  ⁇ n we find that the velocity of the lines is blueshifted at all phases of the orbit .  ⁇ n the velocity of the lines is @xmath1 .  ⁇ n the orientation angle of the semimajor axis of @xmath0 car is @xmath2 .  ⁇ n the orientation angle of the semi - major axis is @xmath3 .  ⁇ n the orientation angle of the semi - major axis of @xmath0 car is @xmath4 .  ⁇ n the orientation angle of the semi - major axis is @xmath5 .  ⁇ n the orientation angle of the semi - major axis of @xmath0 car is another point of debate . '
b' some of the astrophysical implications of neutrino mass and mixings are discussed .  ⁇ n the status of solar neutrino problem is briefly reviewed , and some recent developments concerning physics input to solar models are discussed .  ⁇ n implications of neutrino mass and mixings in supernova dynamics are discussed .  ⁇ n neutrino propagation in inhomogeneous media is described and its implications for the sun and supernovae are considered . '
b' we consider nonlocal completely positive trace preserving maps of the form @xmath0 where @xmath1 are unitary transformations .  ⁇ n we generalize the definition of ( dis)entangling capacities for non - unitaries and calculate single - shot ( dis)entangling capacities for discrete and continuous mixtures of unitaries .  ⁇ n we also calculate ( lower bounds on ) ( dis)entangling capacities for discrete and continuous mixtures of unitaries . '
b' we study the effective field theory of tachyon with a runaway potential and born - infeld type u(1 ) gauge field on the unstable d3-brane .  ⁇ n we show that the most general homogeneous solution is the time - dependent rolling tachyon with constant electric and magnetic fields .  ⁇ n we find an exact form of the classical rolling tachyon solution , which may make further study more tractable in the scheme of effective field theory .  ⁇ n we show that the configuration is a pressureless fluid of fundamental strings made by turning on electric and magnetic fields and stretched along one direction in the rolling tachyon background .  ⁇ n we show that the configuration is a pressureless fluid of fundamental strings made by turning on electric and magnetic fields and stretched along one direction in the rolling tachyon background .  ⁇ n we also show that the tachyon field is no longer homogeneous in the rest frame obtained by a suitable lorentz boost and a rotation .  ⁇ 
b' the amplitudes and periods of 16 solar cycles are predicted with an _ autoregressive _ model .  ⁇ n the amplitudes and periods of 16 cycles are compared with the amplitudes and periods of the previous and future 16 solar cycles .  ⁇ 
b' we develop a quantization scheme for the field strength tensor on a four dimensional spacetime .  ⁇ 
b' we present new numerical simulations of the quiet sun , based on a 3d radiative mhd code .  ⁇ n the simulations show that the dynamics of penetrating vortex tubes can be correlated with the turbulent subsurface layers of the solar atmosphere .  ⁇ n the vortex tube dynamics is characterized by two basic mechanisms : 1 ) small - scale convective instability developing inside granules , and 2 ) the kelvin - helmholtz instability of shearing flows .  ⁇ n the convective instability leads to formation of a vortex sheet and its subsequent overturning during a localized upflow or splitting of a granule .  ⁇ n the convective instability leads to formation of a vortex sheet and its subsequent overturning during a localized upflow or splitting of a granule .  ⁇ n the vortex sheet overturning is accompanied by a gradual migration of the vortex sheet into an intergranular lane .  ⁇ 
b' we present a collection of work by many eminent authors in a wide spectrum of fields , in honor of rolf landauer s lifetime of contributions to our understanding of the physical world .  ⁇ n we will say a lot more about what those contributions have meant for us , but we shall say , in fact , that we are largely mathematical physicists .  ⁇ n we will say that rolf generally takes a jaundiced view of such creatures , and that contributions , seriously written , should not languish on an editor s shelf waiting for slaggart authors or testy co - editors , and that contributions , seriously written , should not languish on an editor s shelf waiting for slaggart authors or testy co - editors .  ⁇ n so we have , first and foremost , been assiuous in delivering this contribution to prof .  ⁇ n datta by the announced deadline !  ⁇ n we will say that we are largely mathematical physicists , and we believe that rol
b' we investigate the effect of the boundary and three - phonon scattering on the thermal conductivity of single - walled boron nitride nanotubes ( swbnt ) .  ⁇ n the selection rules for the three - phonon scattering process are obtained by using the helical quantum numbers @xmath0 , which are assigned to screw and rotation symmetries in the line group of swbnt .  ⁇ n the selection rules for the three - phonon scattering process are obtained by using the helical quantum numbers .  ⁇ n the thermal conductivity of swbnt shows diverging behavior with length as @xmath1 , where the exponent @xmath2 decreases exponentially with the increase of temperature @xmath3 .  ⁇ n the thermal conductivity is dominated by the flexure modes , which can be clearly interpreted with the help
b' we present a study of the qcd leading order and next to leading order parton distributions for pseudoscalar mesons and specifically @xmath0 and @xmath1 mesons .  ⁇ n we use a constituent quark model to evaluate the low energy initial condition and dynamically generate the generalized parton distributions ( gpd s ) .  ⁇ n we compare the results for the valence and sea distributions with the nlo results for the valence distributions .  ⁇ n we find that the gpd s are not directly measurable as observables , and that the gpd s are not directly measurable as observables .  ⁇ n we also find that the gpd s are not directly measurable as observables .  ⁇ n we also discuss the sensitivity of the gpd s to the gpd s .  ⁇ n pacs numbers : 12.38.bx , 12.38.bx , 12.38.bx '
b' we consider a class of lvy - stable processes , confined in a gaussian environment .  ⁇ n the underlying master equation is a semigroup dynamics , whose semigroup potential is a continuous function .  ⁇ n the inhomogeneity of the environment is quantified by turning over from the master equation to the affiliated semigroup dynamics .  ⁇ n it is a suitable functional form of the semigroup potential that allows for a unique asymptotic invariant state .  ⁇ n that ensures the existence of an asymptotic boltzmann form for the master equation .  ⁇ 
b' we introduce a general lagrangian framework to study the dissipative properties of two - component systems composed of a high - loss and lossless components which can have gyroscopic properties .  ⁇ n this framework can be a basis for studying the interplay of physical properties of interest and dissipation .  ⁇ n we study the interplay of the dissipative properties of the components and the lossy component .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a search for pulsars at 81.5mhz using the 3.6 hectares of the cambridge pulsar search array .  ⁇ n the pulsars were observed with the 3.6-hectares array at a frequency of @xmath0 mhz , with a total of 16 simultaneous beams .  ⁇ n the pulsars were detected with a significance of @xmath1 .  ⁇ 
b' we consider the secrecy transmission from a transmitter ( tx ) to a legitimate receiver ( rx ) in the presence of multiple single - antenna eavesdroppers .  ⁇ n we consider the use of the dynamic power splitting ( dps ) receiver architecture , originally proposed for simultaneous wireless information and power transfer ( swipt ) , which divides the received power with an adjustable ratio for energy harvesting ( eh ) and information receiving ( ir ) .  ⁇ n we show that the dps receiver architecture can be used to achieve perfect secrecy transmission in swipt - enabled networks .  ⁇ n we also show that the dps receiver architecture can be used to enhance the secrecy transmission in swipt - enabled networks .  ⁇ 
b' the formation and decay of a compressed nucleus is studied within a dynamical transport model .  ⁇ n the vlasov equations for nucleon and antiproton distribution functions are solved .  ⁇ n the kinetic energy spectra of the emitted nucleons are calculated .  ⁇ n the distributions in the total invariant mass of produced mesons reveal a noticeable shift toward lower invariant masses , when the antiproton is compressed .  ⁇ n the distributions in the total invariant mass of produced mesons reveal a noticeable shift toward lower invariant masses , when the antiproton is compressed .  ⁇ n the distributions in the total invariant mass of produced mesons reveal a noticeable shift toward lower invariant masses , when the antiproton is compressed .  ⁇ n the distributions in the total invariant mass of produced mesons reveal a noticeable shift toward lower invariant masses , when the antiproton is compressed .  ⁇ n the kinetic energy spectra of the emitted nucleon
b' the spectral function for the @x
b' we test the hemispherical power asymmetry in the cosmic microwave background temperature and polarization maps on wmap 7-year data .  ⁇ n we use the quadratic maximum likelihood estimator and compare the results with those obtained in our previous work .  ⁇ 
b' the physical properties of the embedded - cluster population are reviewed .  ⁇ n the basic physical properties of the embedded - cluster population , including the cluster mass function , cluster birthrate , structural parameters , and the cluster mass function are discussed .  ⁇ 
b' we have monitored the flux density of sagittarius a@xmath0 ( sgr a@xmath0 ) at 22 ghz with a sub - array of japanese vlbi network ( jvn ) in order to explore any unusual phenomenon .  ⁇ n we found that the flux density of sgr a@xmath0 was significantly increased by the approaching of a small gas cloud called g2 .  ⁇ n the amplitude of the flare was about 1% .  ⁇ n the flare was a few % amplitude .  ⁇ n the flare was a few % amplitude .  ⁇ n the flare was a few % amplitude .  ⁇ n the flare was a few % amplitude .  ⁇ n the flare was a few % amplitude .  ⁇ n the flare was a few % amplitude .  ⁇ n the flare was a few % amplitude .  ⁇ n the flare was a few 
b' we present keck spectroscopy of the host galaxies of the two globular cluster ( gc ) subpopulations of ngc 1052 and ngc 7332 .  ⁇ n the gcs are selected from the keck spectra of the two galaxies , and the gcs are selected from the keck spectra of the two galaxies .  ⁇ 
"b' we present a new astrometric analysis technique for the nasa / stanford spaceborne mission gravity probe b ( ) .  ⁇ n the nasa / stanford spaceborne mission was designed to measure the precessions of the gyroscopes spin axes , dubbed the  ⁇ geodetic '' effect and the frame - dragging "" effect , with an accuracy of 100 within @xmath0 days .  ⁇ n the guide star was chosen to be bright enough for the on - board telescope to track quasars and distant galaxies to determine the precession of the gyroscopes relative to the distant universe .  ⁇ n the guide star was chosen to be sufficiently isolated to limit light contamination , and suitably located to not unnecessarily decrease the accuracy of the measurement of the precessions of the gyroscopes .  ⁇ n the guide star was chosen to be sufficiently isolated to limit light contamination , and suitably located to not unnecessari
b' we study the phenomenon of mixing - demixing in a trapped degenerate fermion - fermion mixture ( dffm ) using a time - dependent mean - field - hydrodynamic model .  ⁇ n the model is based on a time - dependent mean - field - hydrodynamic model .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a new approach to fabricate quantum anomalous hall insulators based on the electronic properties of doped mott insulators on a kagome lattice .  ⁇ 
b' we present a model for the faraday rotation of the cosmic microwave background ( cmb ) polarization .  ⁇ n the model is based on the angular power spectrum of the rotation measure ( rm ) of compact extragalactic polarized radio sources .  ⁇ n we find that the rm spectrum is close to a scale - invariant spectrum , with the root - mean - square rm corresponding to an effective kolmogorov turbulence on small scales .  ⁇ n we also find that the rm spectrum is dominated by a power law with a steep spectrum on small scales .  ⁇ n we also find that the rm spectrum is dominated by a power law with a steep spectrum on small scales .  ⁇ n we also find that the rm spectrum is dominated by a power law with a steep spectrum on small scales .  ⁇ 
b' we report on the timing and spectral properties of the x - ray binary gx 1 + 4 .  ⁇ n the source was observed with _ bepposax _ in 2000 november 1st .  ⁇ n the x - ray lightcurve shows a large flux variability .  ⁇ 
b' we study the radiation from a relativistic particle moving in a non - uniform magnetic field .  ⁇ n the magnetic field is assumed to be generated by weibel instability around the shock front .  ⁇ n the magnetic field is assumed to be anisotropic .  ⁇ n the magnetic field is assumed to be uniform .  ⁇ 
b' the lhc is a hadron machine , limited by non - linear effects and lifetime problems .  ⁇ n the head - on tune shift depends only on the bunch intensity and the normalized emittance , i.e. is independent of the beta function at the interaction point @
b' i discuss the role of the ginsparg - wilson relation in the lattice formulation of chiral symmetry .  ⁇ 
b' we present spitzer mips photometry of 31 felobal qsos .  ⁇ n we measure total , starburst and agn ir luminosities , and compare the strength of their outflows as estimated from their uv spectral properties , to the luminosity of obscured star formation in their host galaxies as measured from optical through far - ir photometry .  ⁇ 
b' this article explores discrete versions of jonas theorems .  ⁇ n it blends in with and extends more recent research on discrete conjugate nets , their laplace transforms , discrete w - congruences and , in the limiting case , discrete asymptotic nets .  ⁇ n we also show how to construct discrete laplace cycles of period four . '
b' the new pachmarhi atmospheric cerenkov telescope ( pact ) array has been set up in pachmarhi in central india .  ⁇ n the aim of the pact array is to study cosmic sources of very high energy @xmath0 rays .  ⁇ n the crab nebula was observed in the energy range from 100 gev to 7000 gev .  ⁇ n the arrival direction of the crab nebula was calculated using the tdc information from the so called royal sum pulses and individual mirror outputs .  ⁇ n the event rate was about 1.3 hz .  ⁇ n the results from several different methods have been presented in the conference . '
b' we present a time lag analysis of the xmm-_newton _ observations of the quasar pg 1211 + 143 .  ⁇ 
b' we study the higgs sector of the zee - model .  ⁇ n we find that the higgs sector of the zee - model is similar to that of the two - higgs - doublet - model except for the existence of an additional weak - singlet charged scalar field .  ⁇ n the higgs sector of the zee - model is similar to that of the thdm except for the existence of an additional weak - singlet charged scalar field .  ⁇ n we find that the higgs boson mass range of the lightest cp - even higgs boson ( @xmath0 ) is about 100 gev in the decoupling regime where only one neutral higgs boson is light as compared to the other physical states of higgs bosons .  ⁇ n we also find that the higgs boson mass range of the sm - like higgs boson ( @xmath1 ) is about 100 gev in the decoupling regime where only one neutral higgs bo
b' the bess spectrometer is a high - resolution spectrometer with a large acceptance to perform precise measurements of absolute fluxes of various cosmic rays , as well as highly sensitive searches for rare cosmic - ray components .  ⁇ n the growth curves of the cosmic - ray fluxes and their dependence on atmospheric depth were precisely measured .  ⁇ n the results were compared with the predictions based on the hadronic interaction models currently used in the atmospheric neutrino flux calculations . '
b' we calculate the thermal conductivity of lif at extreme pressures and temperatures using _ ab initio _ molecular dynamics and quantum monte carlo simulations .  ⁇ n we find that the thermal conductivity of lif is dominated by umklapp scattering and that the thermal conductivity of lif is dominated by umklapp scattering .  ⁇ 
b' we study the magnetic response of the kitaev - heisenberg model with a vacancy .  ⁇ 
b' we present an experimental study of the non - monotonic dispersion of surface waves in a magnetic fluid .  ⁇ n the experimental setup is based on a v - shaped teflon channel filled into a magnetic fluid .  ⁇ n the magnetic field is monitored by means of a hall probe located near the surface of the channel .  ⁇ n the experimental results are compared with theoretical predictions . '
b' this paper gives a brief introduction to the main algorithms for continuous time filtering .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the thermalization of positronium ( ps ) in mesoporous silica with an interconnected pore network .  ⁇ n we show that a fraction of the ps reaches the film surface and exits into vacuum .  ⁇ n we show that the thermalization of ps is dominated by the coulomb interaction between the ps and the surrounding medium .  ⁇ n we also show that the ps - ps interaction is dominated by the coulomb interaction between the ps and the surrounding medium .  ⁇ n we show that the ps - ps interaction is dominated by the coulomb interaction between the ps and the surrounding medium .  ⁇ n we also show that the ps - ps interaction is dominated by the coulomb interaction between the ps and the surrounding medium .  ⁇ n we also show that the ps - ps interaction is dominated by the coulomb interaction between the ps and the surrounding medium .  ⁇ n we also show that the p
b' we present arecibo observations of a large - scale survey of rotating radio transients ( rrats ) .  ⁇ n the survey is sensitive to both periodic and aperiodic signals .  ⁇ 
b' we study the collider phenomenology of a vectorlike quark , which is a singlet , charge @
b' we present a new analytical approach to the real - time evolution problem of quantum many - body systems .  ⁇ n our approach is based on an analogy to canonical perturbation theory in classical mechanics .  ⁇ n we give a simple illustration of canonical perturbation theory and show how canonical transformations can improve perturbative expansions in real - time evolution problems .  ⁇ n we show that an analogous implementation for quantum many - body systems is possible , based on wegner s flow equation approach .  ⁇ n we reproduce the exact solution for a quantum dissipative oscillator and show that efficient and precise numerical solutions of the quantum dissipative oscillator can be obtained .  ⁇ n we also show that the same approach has been developed in the field of high energy physics . '
b' the character of motion in a system of three coupled harmonic oscillators in the 1:1:1 resonance is investigated .  ⁇ n the poincar phase plane is analyzed for a set of values of energy .  ⁇ n the @xmath0 spectrum is used to locate the regions of initial conditions generating regular or chaotic motion .  ⁇ n the character of orbits is studied .  ⁇ n the values of energy , where orbits starting near the exact periodic orbits change their character from regular to chaotic are found .  ⁇ n the results of this research are mainly based on the numerical integration of the equations of motion .  ⁇ n the results of this research are mainly based on the numerical integration of the equations of motion .  ⁇ n the results of this research are mainly based on the numerical integration of the equations of motion .  ⁇ n the results of this research are mainly based on the numerical integration of the equations of motion .  ⁇ n the results of this research are mainly based on the numerical integration of the equations of motion .  ⁇ n the results of this research are 
b' we report on inelastic magnetic neutron scattering experiments on @xmath0 at various temperatures .  ⁇ n we have investigated the 4f magnetic response for samples with sr  ⁇ n concentrations @xmath1 and nd concentrations @xmath2 at low energies ( typically @xmath3 ) in order to obtain information about the cu magnetism in the @
b' we present a time - dependent density functional theory ( tddft ) calculation of the ionization mechanism of c@xmath0 in a laser pulse .  ⁇ n the tddft calculation is based on a time - dependent schrdinger equation ( tdse ) which is solved numerically in the full dimensionality of the kohn - sham orbitals .  ⁇ 
b' we present a multifrequency spectral analysis of the full sample of the at20 g survey , a pilot survey of extra - galactic radio sources with flux densities above 100 mjy .  ⁇ 
b' the structure of the photon is studied in the framework of the qed structure function .  ⁇ n the results from the four lep experiments are compared with new parametrisations of that became available since the beginning of the lep data taking .  ⁇ 
b' we present several variants of an algorithm , based on the idea of approximating a convex function by an affine envelope , to solve variational problems with convexity constraints .  ⁇ n this deviates from previous work by chon and herv and carlier , lachand - robert and maury , where the authors use finite element methods .  ⁇ 
b' we extend the minimal supersymmetric left - right symmetric model with one singlet higgs scalar , which breaks the left - right parity of the gauge groups at a high scale .  ⁇ n we find that the global minimum of the higgs potential is either charge - violating or @xmath0 parity - violating .  ⁇ n we also discuss the question of neutrino masses via type iii see - saw mechanism and leptogenesis in details .  ⁇ n we embed the model in a grand unified theory and study the gauge coupling unification to check the consistency of the mass scales required in this model .  ⁇ 
b' we discuss the problem of unification in the context of a superstring - inspired modification of the kaluza - klein idea that the universe may have more spatial dimensions than the three that we observe .  ⁇ 
b' we study the quantum critical point ( qcp ) of the kondo necklace model in the presence of a magnetic field .  ⁇ n we find that the qcp is induced by a field - induced quantum phase transition from a kondo singlet to an antiferromagnetic state .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new catalog of isolated galaxies , 2mig , selected from the 2masx part of the 2mass survey .  ⁇ n the sample contains 3227 galaxies with significant neighbours , which are members of groups and clusters .  ⁇ n the morphological and kinematic properties of these galaxies are discussed .  ⁇ 
b' social media platforms are one of the most popular information sharing media in use today .  ⁇ n however , many current crisis tracking and analysis tools rely on real - time volunteers to enable or enhance core functions , such as information categorization , location identification or information verification .  ⁇ n this reliance on humans for core functions can be disadvantageous , especially during the outset of a disaster , where volunteers may not yet be in place .  ⁇ n furthermore , a wider array of automatic solutions for real - time event detection in social streams , sentiment analysis , timeline summarization and information credibility estimation are becoming available , which present new opportunities to enhance automatic tools for disaster monitoring on social media .  ⁇ n therefore , we present a new crisis tracking and analysis toolkit , named eaims ( emergency analysis identification and management system ) , which aims to provide automatic identification , tracking , summarization and exploration tools over social content generated during emergency events .  ⁇ n eaims is social media platform - independent , making it applicable to deployment in regions that use alternative platforms .  ⁇ n
b' the method of maximum relative entropy ( mre ) is a generalization of the method of maximum entropy ( maxent ) .  ⁇ n it has the advantage of updating probabilities when new information is given in the form of constraints on the family
b' we study the persistent current in a one - dimensional metallic ring threaded by an aharonov - bohm flux @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we find that the persistent current is strongly affected by the disorder , and the amplitude of the current is proportional to the square root of the aharonov - bohm flux .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the dispersion of the kerr @xmath0 nonlinearity in two - dimensional photonic crystal waveguides .  ⁇ n we show that the dispersion of the kerr @xmath0 nonlinearity is enhanced by a factor of two , with the group index squared varying from 0 to 0 .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed analysis of the gw spectra of a sample of astrophysical x - ray binaries containing a supermassive black hole ( bh ) .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the thermodynamic properties of rhombohedral stacked graphene multilayers using the two band approximation .  ⁇ n we present analytical formulae for different thermodynamic quantities as a function of the number of layers for zero and non zero temperature .  ⁇ n we find that the fermi level , magnetization and magnetic susceptibility have an oscillatory behaviour as a function of the magnetic field .  ⁇ n we also present an analytical theory which can form the basis of a more in depth analysis that includes these corrections .  ⁇ n we find that our results are fundamentally different from those of a conventional two dimensional electron gas due to the different landau level spectrum and in particular due to the presence of a highly degenerate zero energy landau level .  ⁇ n the results nevertheless show the vanishing magnetization at zero magnetic field , which is a signature of the two dimensionality of the system . '
b' the surface current method is generalized for problems of transition radiation and transition radiation generated by a charged particle on an ideally - conducting surface .  ⁇ n the field of a scattered wave is represented as a radiation field of the surface current formed by the dipoles distributed on the screen .  ⁇ n this representation allows to explain the widely - used dual formalism .  ⁇ n it is shown that in order to get the right result for transition radiation and transition radiation , it is necessary to have a non - zero component of the surface current density normal to the screen .  ⁇ n in the special case of plane - wave diffraction , the method developed leads to the well - known integral equation for the surface current density . in the case of smith - purcell radiation ,  ⁇ n the method leads to the well - known results by korkhmazyan and pafomov .  ⁇ n finally , the method allows to find the exact solutions in the problems of diffraction radiation and smith - purcell radiation for the wide region of parameters . '
b' we propose a method to estimate the phase of a weak ac signal , i.e. , the quadrature amplitude of @xmath0 , by minimizing the wigner function of the state .  ⁇ 
b' we present a fourth order accurate algorithm for the axisymmetric massless klein - gordon scalar field around a schwarzschild black hole .  ⁇ n the scheme employs a cauchy evolution scheme , based on space - like slices , and a characteristic scheme , based on null slices .  ⁇ n the outer boundary of the interior cauchy region is a time - like surface and coincides with the inner boundary of the characteristic region .  ⁇ n the accuracy of the solution is limited to the future domain of dependence of the green region , which is causally connected to the boundary .  ⁇ n the accuracy of the solution is limited to the future domain of dependence of the green region .  ⁇ n the method is tested on a binary black hole system , and the results are compared with the results of a numerical code .  ⁇ n a comparison with the results of a numerical code , based on a time - like boundary , shows that the method is more effective at obtaining accurate results .  ⁇ n a comparison with a numerical code
b' we derive the exact spectrum of the standard model in the broken phase .  ⁇ n we show that the higgs sector of the standard model just implies an extended spectrum of massive excitations .  ⁇ n we confirm this result in quantum field theory by solving the dyson - schwinger equations of the theory omitting the quadratic coupling of the gauge fields to the higgs field and interaction with fermion fields .  ⁇ n this entails a proof of triviality for the theory .  ⁇ n we also derive the spectrum of the theory using the feynman - kac formula . '
b' we propose a scheme for generating large cross - kerr phase shifts ( xkps ) , which can be used to implement a large number of optical quantum gates .  ⁇ 
b' we study the nonlocal features of a two - mode squeezed state with internal noise .  ⁇ n we solve the wigner function exactly to analyze the nonlocality of the state .  ⁇ n we find that the state is separable and that the steady state exhibits a separable behavior .  ⁇ n we also discuss the class of nonseparable mixed states which exhibit quantum nonlocality .  ⁇ n we also discuss the effect of noise on the nonlocality of the state . '
b' we present a detailed analysis of the axisymmetric accretion flow onto a gravitating accretor .  ⁇ n we use a nested grid piecewise parabolic code with multiple nested grids to simulate the accretion flow .  ⁇ n we find that the accretion column is widens to form a detached bow shock if the adiabatic index of the accreted gas is @xmath0 .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new method for discriminating photon and cosmic ray events initiated by atmospheric cascades .  ⁇ n this technique is based on the differences in intrinsic fluctuations of cherenkov radiation produced in the pure electromagnetic and hadronic cascades .  ⁇ n we adapt the maximum likelihood approach based on an analysis of the @xmath0 functional to establish discrimination criteria to distinguish showers initiated by @xmath0-rays from those initiated by cosmic ray nuclei .  ⁇ n this idea was induced originally by the study of the mass composition of the primary nucleus , and was induced originally by the study of the mass composition of the primary nucleus .  ⁇ n we apply the method to a sample of @xmath0-ray events observed by the hegra and whipple observatories .  ⁇ n we find that the discrimination criteria are characterized by the efficiency of @xmath1 .  ⁇ 
b' the status of muon activities at the psi s hipa complex is presented .  ⁇ 
b' we consider the possibility of predicting lepton mixing angles from first principles , in the framework of the inverse or linear seesaw mechanisms to generate light neutrino masses .  ⁇ n we give two simple @xmath0 flavor symmetry realizations of the tribimaximal lepton mixing pattern within the above seesaw schemes .  ⁇ n for example , for the inverse seesaw case possible schemes are summarized . '
b' we study the entanglement between two modes of a free dirac field in a flat spacetime .  ⁇ n we show that the unruh effect , a kind of enviromental decoherence , can be characterized by the presence of a communication horizon .  ⁇ n we show that the entanglement degrades completely in the infinite acceleration limit , while the entanglement is never completely destroyed .  ⁇ n we track the information originally encoded in the quantum correlations by employing a set of multi - qubit complementarity relations .  ⁇ n our results can be applied to the case that alice falls into a black hole whilst rob barely escapes through eternal uniform acceleration . '
b' we investigate the effect of strain on the ( 001 ) surface of the topological crystalline insulator pb@xmath0sn@xmath1(te , se ) .  ⁇ n the hamiltonian is derived from an effective four - band model , which is shown to capture all essential features of the topological surface states .  ⁇ n the form of strain related perturbations on the hamiltonian is clarified through general symmetry considerations , allowing us to delineate how characteristic features of the topological surface states evolve under strains .  ⁇ n our analysis shows that certain mirror - symmetry - breaking strains induce hedgehog spin texture with out - of - the - plane spin - polarization at the dirac point .  ⁇ n our findings thus identify a possible new pathway for realizing tci - based spintronics devices without requiring a symmetry - breaking strain .  ⁇ n our findings thus identify a possible new pathway for realizing tci - based spintronic
b' we present the results of magic observations of two massive binary systems , wr20a and wr20b , based on the orbital period of the binary components .  ⁇ 
b' we present a model of pion production reactions induced by neutrinos .  ⁇ n we include chiral symmetry effects , and include the background terms .  ⁇ n we show the flux - averaged @xmath0-differential cross section for charged current and neutral current driven processes .  ⁇ n we also show the results for the @xmath1 and @xmath2 processes . '
b' we study the maximum possible lossless compression ratio for integer format astronomical images .  ⁇ n we show that the maximum possible lossless compression ratio for integer images is determined by the noise in the background pixels ( i.e. , the  ⁇  sky '' ) in the image .  ⁇ 
b' we show that the gauss - bonnet black hole theory can be applied to a description of the last stages of gauss - bonnet black hole evaporation .  ⁇ n we show that the direct experimental registration of such primordial black holes is impossible .  ⁇ n we also show that relics of primordial black holes as dark matter candidates can be identified . '
b' we consider a model of layered diffusion in a fluid close to a solid interface .  ⁇ 
b' we consider hard rods in one dimension at thermal equilibrium in external potentials .  ⁇ n monodisperse rods of size @xmath0 on a lattice ( linear array of cells with volume @xmath0 ) and hard rods of size @xmath1 , @xmath2 on a continuum emerge from the limit @xmath3 , @xmath4 with @x
b' we develop an effective theory of doped mott insulators based on the mutual chern - simons gauge structure .  ⁇ n the effective theory is based on the bogoliubov - de gennes ( bdg ) theory .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the chemistry of lif - yf@xmath0 molten salts .  ⁇ n the lif - yf@xmath0 mixtures were prepared in a glove box under argon .  ⁇ n the lif - yf@xmath0 mixtures were characterized by a lif - yf@xmath1 ion model .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the excitation of higher - order optical beams , including optical vortices and soliton clusters , through the inelastic soliton scattering and mutual trapping of initially well - separated fundamental solitons , the effect resembling a synthesis of  ⁇  soliton molecules ' .  ⁇ n in addition , we propose the application of this effect in the context of  ⁇  soliton algebra ' regarding the fundamental spatial solitons as the information carriers , and the transformation of an optical pattern induced by the soliton interaction as all - optical soliton switching . '
b' we present a new method for calculating the energy levels of a molecule adsorbed on a metallic surface .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the role of doping levels across the structure of algaas edge emitting lasers .  ⁇ n we use sentaurus tcad from synopsys , a collection of tools for performing modeling of electronic devices .  ⁇ n we find that the optical efficiency of algaas edge emitting lasers is significantly improved by varying the width of quantum well , the waveguide width , and the waveguide width .  ⁇ n we also show that the threshold current as a function of the width may have discontinuities .  ⁇ n we argue that these discontinuities occur when the most upper quantum well energy values are very close to either conduction band or valence band energy offsets .  ⁇ n the effects may be observed at certain conditions in temperature dependence of lasing threshold current as well as in temperature dependence of lasing threshold current as well . '
b' we study the evolution of the equation of state of a scalar field in a friedmann robertson walker universe .  ⁇ 
b' we present an in - depth analysis of the data we collected at two widely different events : the infectious exhibition held at the science gallery in dublin , ireland , and the acm hypertext 2009 conference hosted by the institute for scientific interchange foundation in turin , italy .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new determination of the faint end of the luminosity function @xmath0 based on the hubble deep field north .  ⁇ 
b' we study the growth of icicles with a thin layer of flowing water .  ⁇ n we show that the wavelength distribution of the waves is gaussian , and that the wavelength distribution is gaussian .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the structure of a spacetime singularity in the semiclassical black - hole spacetime of callan , giddings , harvey , and strominger .  ⁇ n we find that the singularity is a spherical , spherical , and spherical , spherical , spherical , and spherical , spherical , and spherical , spherical , and spherical , spherical , and spherical , spherical , and spherical , spherical , and spherical , spherical , and spherical , spherical , and spherical , spherical , and spherical , spherical , and spherical , spherical , and spherical 
b' polarimetric observations of sn 1987a from 2262 days after explosion show that the degree of polarization increased from 0.1% at day 2 to about 1% at day 250 .  ⁇ n the time variability of the polarization indicates that the observed polarization is intrinsically related to the supernova event , regardless of the isp in the direction to the supernova .  ⁇ n we show that dust scattering plays an important role in producing the polarized light of sn 1987a .  ⁇ n the survival of dust particles in the vicinity of the supernova is discussed .  ⁇ n the dust scattering process and how that leads to the observed polarization is presented .  ⁇ n the model is compared with various observations . '
b' we present a study of the accretion of mass onto young stellar objects ( ysos ) using a sample of ysos with a wide range of masses and rotation periods .  ⁇ n we find that the accretion rate is a function of the mass accretion rate , the keplerian period , and the accretion rate .  ⁇ n the accretion rate is a function of the mass accretion rate , the keplerian period , and the accretion rate .  ⁇ n the accretion rate is a function of the mass accretion rate .  ⁇ n the accretion rate is a function of the mass accretion rate .  ⁇ n the accretion rate is a function of the mass accretion rate .  ⁇ n the accretion rate is a function of the mass accretion rate .  ⁇ n the accretion rate is a function of the mass accretion rate .  ⁇ n the acc
b' we investigate the voronoi diagram of hyperbolic geometry .  ⁇ n we show that bisectors are hyperplanes , implying that the voronoi diagram is affine and therefore can be easily constructed from an equivalent power diagram .  ⁇ n we further characterize the weighted and @xmath0-order diagrams in the klein or poincar disk model and explain the dual hyperbolic delaunay triangulation .  ⁇ n we also describe the @xmath0-order diagrams in the poincar upper half plane model . '
b' we present a scheme for the detection of entanglement between spatial modes of a finite temperature interacting bose gas .  ⁇ n we show that entanglement between pairs of modes is detected via the single - particle reduced density matrix .  ⁇ n we apply our scheme to the example of a harmonically trapped interacting boson pair , where the sprdm acts as a quantifier of entanglement .  ⁇ n we find that for all interaction strengths , entanglement between pairs of modes rapidly decreases with temperature .  ⁇ n while at zero temperature a significant amount of entanglement remains even in the limit of infinite interaction . '
b' we present a new method for determining the orbital similarity between meteoroid streams and comets .  ⁇ n we use the d - criteria to quantify the orbital similarity between meteoroid streams and comets .  ⁇ 
b' we present a comprehensive framework for the representation and analysis of complex surface forces as they are measured by dynamic atomic force microscopy .  ⁇ n we concentrate on the most common modes of dynamic atomic force microscopy : amplitude - modulated atomic force microscopy ( am - afm ) and frequency - modulated atomic force microscopy ( fm - afm ) .  ⁇ n we explore the fundamental limit of force reconstruction with narrow band dynamic afm at fixed probe height and show how minimal assumptions allow for a quantitative reconstruction of the tip - surface interaction . '
b' we consider the problem of determining the list of automorphism groups of genus @xmath0 curves .  ⁇ n we consider the case when the curves have an elliptic involution .  ⁇ 
b' we present a scheme for enhancing the efficiency of quantum communication based on heralded qubit amplifiers .  ⁇ n the scheme is based on a heralded noiseless amplifier , which is a generalization of the heralded amplifier .  ⁇ n we show that , if the heralded amplifier is allowed to introduce some noise , the gain and herading rate of the heralded amplifier can be increased .  ⁇ n we also show that , if the heralded amplifier is allowed to introduce some noise , the gain and herading rate of the heralded amplifier can be increased .  ⁇ n we also show that , if the heralded amplifier is allowed to introduce some noise , the gain and herading rate of the heralded amplifier can be increased .  ⁇ n we also show that , if the heralded amplifier is allowed to introduce some noise , the gain and herading rate of the heralded amplifier can be increased .  ⁇ n we also show that , if
b' we propose a new type of a gamma - ray imaging detector based on a wireless gas detector .  ⁇ n the new type of a gamma - ray imaging detector consists of a 30 cm cubic @xmath0-tpc surrounded by a scintillation pixel detector .  ⁇ n the sensitivity of the proposed detector is ten times better than comptel .  ⁇ n the results of its performance study are presented . '
b' we study the interacting monomer - dimer model with nearest neighbor repulsion on a square lattice .  ⁇ n we observe that the two transitions are occurring successively at close but clearly distinct points .  ⁇ n moreover , we find that the symmetry breaking order - disorder transition reveals a new _ non - ising _ critical behavior , and that the absorbing transition exhibits a dp - critical behavior ( due to the @xmath0-symmetry breaking ) , that is , the density of active sites , shows a power - law decay in time as @xmath1 with @xmath3 , in agreement with the corresponding dp exponent in two dimensions .  ⁇ n interestingly , we further find that the entire absorbing phase becomes _ critical _ in the sense that the same power - law relaxation of @xmath1 persists even deep in the absorbing phase .  ⁇ n our findings call for further studies on these microscopic models belonging to the generalized voter universality class , and on the 
b' we investigate the observational implications of a possible abrogation of the greisen - zatsepin - kuzmin ( gzk ) effect , resulting in the existence of significant fluxes of ultrahigh energy cosmic rays ( uhecrs ) at trans - gzk energies , due to a very small amount of lorentz invariance violation ( liv ) .  ⁇ 
b' we present a 58 ms _ chandra x - ray observatory _ observation of the hubble deep field north ( hdf - n ) .  ⁇ n we find that the x - ray luminosity of the lyman break galaxy population is @xmath0 0.3 - 0.3 times larger ( per unit @xmath1-band luminosity ) than that of spiral galaxies in the local universe ( @xmath2 ) .  ⁇ n this is consistent with the x - ray luminosity of normal spiral galaxies in the local universe ( @xmath3 ) .  ⁇ n the x - ray luminosity of normal spiral galaxies is @xmath0 0.3 - 0.3 times larger ( per unit @xmath3-band luminosity ) than that of normal spiral galaxies in the local universe ( @xmath0 0.51 ) .  ⁇ n the x - ray luminosity of normal spiral galaxie
b' we present a solution of the maxwell equations in the einstein universe , which is a knotted , finite energy , radiating electromagnetic field in minkowski s spacetime .  ⁇ n the solution is then extended to the closed friedmann - lematre - robertson - walker models .  ⁇ n the matter distribution that must be added to obtain a self - consistent solution of the einstein - maxwell equations is determined . '
b' we investigate the gas and dust masses in star - forming galaxies at @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the molecular gas mass is derived from co(@xmath1 ) luminosity and co(@xmath1 ) luminosity by applying an excitation correction .  ⁇ n the co(@xmath1 ) luminosity is derived from co(@xmath1 ) luminosity by applying an excitation correction .  ⁇ n the co(@xmath1 ) luminosity is derived from co(@xmath1 ) luminosity by applying an excitation correction .  ⁇ n the co(@xmath1 ) luminosity is derived from co(@xmath1 ) luminosity by applying an excitation correction .  ⁇ n the co(@xmath1 ) luminosity is derived from co(@xmath1 ) luminosity by applying an excitation correction .  ⁇ n the co(@x
b' we present a new atomic model of mg , which includes nlte effects in the analysis of mg lines in the apogee survey .  ⁇ n we find that the nlte effects are significant in the atmospheres of red supergiants , and vary smoothly between @xmath0dex and @xmath10.1dex as a function of the effective temperature .  ⁇ n the nlte corrections are significant in the atmospheres of red supergiants , and vary smoothly between @xmath10.4dex and @xmath10.1dex as a function of the effective temperature .  ⁇ n the nlte corrections are significant in the atmospheres of red supergiants , and vary smoothly between @xmath10.4dex and @xmath10.1dex as a function
b' the landau - pomeranchuk migdal effect is a complicated problem in the calculation of gluon bremsstrahlung from high - energy particles traversing a quark - gluon plasma .  ⁇ n the landau - pomeranchuk migdal effect is treated as a non - trivial , time - dependent , process .  ⁇ 
b' * _ tgc__at * is a chandra hetgs and letgs end - user source of gratings observations .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new numerical scheme for the time - dependent nonrelativistic schrdinger equation .  ⁇ 
b' a prefabricated magnetic compound ( neofer@xmath0 25/60p ) from magnetfabrik bonn gmbh is used to optimize the topology of the magnetic system .  ⁇ 
b' we study the behavior of the arithmetic mean of a monte carlo simulation of a system having more than one time scale .  ⁇ 
b' the apparent width of the isovector giant dipole resonance ( gdr ) in hot nuclei is studied by means of the spherical harmonic oscillator ( swo ) method .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed analysis of the spi / integral map of the anomalous 511 kev emission from the galactic centre .  ⁇ n the spi / integral map shows a brighter component of 511 kev emission from the remainder of the galactic disk , with a flux of @xmath0 8 .  ⁇ 
b' we construct a three - family standard - like model from @xmath0 compactifications of m theory .  ⁇ n the model is a generalization of the standard - like model , and is a generalization of the standard - like model .  ⁇ 
b' the mu2e experiment has been performed with a prototype lyso matrix .  ⁇ n the calorimeter performances have been measured with electron and photon beams in the energy range 60@xmath0190 mev at mami and 80@xmath0450 mev electron beams at btf .  ⁇ n the results are compared with the experimental data . '
b' we present a moderate - resolution long - slit spectrum of a ultraluminous x - ray source ( ulx ) in the nearby spiral galaxy ngc 7331 .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed multiwavelength study of the redback radio pulsar psr j1048 + 2339 .  ⁇ n the pulsar s long - term radio eclipses around superior conjunction as well as mini - eclipses at other orbital phases are reminiscent of the redback class archetype , psr j1023 + 0038 , whose transition from accreting low - mass x - ray binaries ( lmxbs ) to radio millisecond pulsars was discovered almost in real time .  ⁇ n the optical properties of the system are similar to those of the redbacks psr j2339@xmath30533 , psr j1023 + 0038 , and the original black widow pulsar b1957 + 20 .  ⁇ 
b' we study some events of plasma outflows along coronal loops emanating from the boundaries of an active region .  ⁇ n it is found that the cancellation of small scale mixed magnetic fields at the boundary of the main active region causes the occurrence of the plasma outflows .  ⁇ n the outflows are characterized by the velocity of tens to hundreds km s@xmath0 .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of our radio observations of 8 nearby ultracool field dwarfs with spectral types ranging over a narrow band of m8l0 .  ⁇ n the radio emission from lp 349 - 25 is detected at 8.5 ghz , with a significance of @xmath0 .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the properties of dark matter halos in the framework of spherical models .  ⁇ n we find that the pseudo phase - space density @xmath0 and the pseudo velocity dispersion @xmath1 have a power - law behavior , and the pseudo phase - space density @xmath2 is a linear function of the radial velocity dispersion .  ⁇ 
b' we present new laboratory measurements of isotope shifts in hgmn stars .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new algorithm to compute time- and frequency - domain templates for gravitational wave ( gw ) detectors .  ⁇ n the algorithm is based on solving a pair of ordinary differential equations ( odes ) , and a fourier - domain phasing formula .  ⁇ n we also present analytic expressions for the fourier components of the gw signal truncated at the last stable orbit ( lso ) .  ⁇ n we also present an explicit analytic expressions for the fourier components that constitute an accurate representation of the time - domain signal truncated at , or slightly prior to , the last stable orbit ( lso ) .  ⁇ n we show that if the merger signal terminates quickly , say over less than half an orbital time - scale , then there is no harm in using time - truncated waveforms as search templates .  ⁇ n however , recent theoretical progress in the hamiltonian description of the binary black hole dynamics and the effective one 
b' we study the time dependence of the mean squared displacement ( msd ) of a granular gas with constant restitution coefficient in the homogeneous cooling state .  ⁇ n we show that the msd of the system has a logarithmic form @xmath0 , where @xmath1 is the anomalous diffusion exponent .  ⁇ n we also discuss the time dependence of the msd of the system in the context of ultraslow diffusion . '
b' mri is a computationally efficient method to reconstruct images from a finite number of expansion coefficients .  ⁇ n the artifacts arising from the truncation of fourier space introduce a ringing artifact in the neighborhood of sharp edges .  ⁇ n we propose a non - iterative method which reconstructed an image with a single discontinuity ( black edge ) from truncated k - space data .  ⁇ n the ringing amplitude depends on whether the underlying sinc pattern is sampled at its extrema ( a ) or at the zero - crossings ( b ) .  ⁇ 
b' we study the transport properties of a weakly interacting bose - einstein condensate ( bec ) in the presence of a weak random potential of length @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we show that the presence of a weak random potential , with a pronounced _  ⁇ n resonant _  ⁇ n , _  ⁇ n i.e. _ , a series of randomly located delta peaks , preserves superfluidity , although with a reduced superfluid fraction .  ⁇ n we show that the transmission of the bec is _ dissipationless _ , i.e. , the system is dissipationless .  ⁇ n in contrast , in the high speed limit , where the kinetic energy dominates over the interaction energy , the bec exhibits an exponential damping of the transmission with length @xmath0 , a behavior characteristic of the strong anderson localization .  ⁇ 
b' we present new spectroscopic observations of the eclipsing binary v446cep .  ⁇ n the spectral lines of the components are visible and allow to determine the masses and radii of the components .  ⁇ n the radial velocity curves of the components show a primary minimum with a depth of 0.14 mag .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the properties of the @xmath0 meson d@xmath1(2317 ) in the framework of the quark model .  ⁇ n we consider the d@xmath2 and d@xmath3 multiplets .  ⁇ n we find that the d@xmath4 and d@xmath5 multiplets are characterized by the masses of @xmath6 and @xmath7 , respectively .  ⁇ n the d@xmath8(2317 ) is a member of the d@xmath9 multiplet .  ⁇ n we also discuss the possible tetraquark nature of the d@xmath8(2317 ) .  ⁇ n we find that the d@xmath8(2317 ) is a member of the d@xmath10(2308 ) multiplet .  ⁇ n we also discuss the possible tetraquark nature of the d@xmath8(2317 ) . '
b' the evolution of fragments in nuclear collisions at fermi energies is investigated on the basis of the boltzmann - langevin approach .  ⁇ n the stochastic mean field ( smf ) model is used to implement spatial density fluctuations .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the mass loss process in the galactic globular cluster 47 tucanae .  ⁇ n we use a combination of a spectroscopic and photometric data set to determine the mass loss rate , the mass loss rate , and the mass loss rate .  ⁇ 
b' this work presents a consistent estimate of a spatially periodic and bandlimited field from i.i.d .  ⁇ n samples taken at _ unknown _ but statistically distributed locations .  ⁇ n it is assumed that the field is spatially periodic and bandlimited .  ⁇ n it is shown that a bandlimited field _ can not _ be uniquely determined with perfect samples obtained at statistically distributed locations , even if the number of samples is infinite .  ⁇ n if the order of sample locations is known , then using insights from classical order - statistics , a consistent estimate for the spatial field is presented .  ⁇ n asymptotic consistency ( convergence in probability ) , mean - squared error bounds , and central - limit type weak convergence results are established for this estimate .  ⁇ n _ key results : _  ⁇ n it is shown that a bandlimited field _ can not _ be uniquely determined with perfect samples obtained at statistically distributed locations , even if the number of samples is infinite .  ⁇ n if the order of sample locations is known
b' we study the behavior of particle reaction thresholds with lorentz symmetry violation ( lv ) in the standard model extension ( sme ) .  ⁇ n we consider the sme s kinetic terms and the corresponding cpt even operators .  ⁇ 
b' we derive an exact analytical solution to the three - qubit dicke model .  ⁇ n the rotating - wave approximation is extended to the three - qubit dicke model .  ⁇ n the hamiltonian is derived with the same form as the ordinary rotating - wave approximation .  ⁇ n the exact solution is compared with the exact solution in the one - qubit rabi model .  ⁇ n the exact solution is found to be in good agreement with the exact solution in the three - qubit dicke model .  ⁇ n the eigenvalues and eigenstates can be approximately solved and can be implemented with great ease by experimentalists . '
b' we study the random magnetic resonance force microscopy ( mrfm ) signal caused by the high frequency thermal cantilever vibrations .  ⁇ n we use a numerical model to simulate the mrfm signal in the oscillating cantilever - driven adiabatic reversals ( oscar ) technique .  ⁇ n we find that the random mrfm signal follows a regular mrfm signal .  ⁇ 
b' we present a model of the dusty clumps in the edgeworth - kuiper belt ( ekb ) debris disk of neptune .  ⁇ n the model is based on a spherical , spherical , and spherical , dusty disk , with a spherical , spherical , and a spherical , dusty disk .  ⁇ n the spherical disk is modeled by a spherical , spherical , and spherical disk .  ⁇ n the spherical disk is modeled by a spherical disk with a spherical , spherical , and spherical disk .  ⁇ n the spherical disk is modeled by a spherical disk with a spherical , spherical , and spherical disk .  ⁇ n the sp
b' we report on the pressure and the pressure of a gas of spherical particles excited by a vertically vibrated piston .  ⁇ n we show that the pressure passes through a maximum for a critical number of particles before decreasing for large @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the density of particles as a function of the altitude is studied , where we observe an exponential atmosphere far enough from the piston .  ⁇ n we show that the dependence of the granular temperature , @xmath1 , on the piston velocity is of the form @xmath2 , where @xmath3 is a decreasing function of @xmath0 . '
b' we propose a general jet algorithm , motivated by the @xmath0 jet algorithm , which is a generalization of the @xmath1 algorithm .  ⁇ 
b' in many multi - label learning problems , flat labels are only provided without any accompanying semantic meta - data .  ⁇ n however , it is often the case that certain deterministic relationships exist among the labels .  ⁇ n this work presents a sound probabilistic method for enforcing adherence of marginal probabilities of a multi - label model to automatically discovered deterministic relationships among the labels .  ⁇ n we focus on two kinds of relationships .  ⁇ n the first one concerns pairwise _ positive entailment _ : pairs of labels , where presence of one label implies presence of the other in all instances of a dataset .  ⁇ n the second one concerns _ exclusion _ : sets of labels that do not coexist at the same instances of a dataset .  ⁇ n these relationships are represented with a bayesian network .  ⁇ n marginal probabilities are entered as soft evidence in the network and adjusted through probabilistic inference .  ⁇ n our approach offers robust improvement in mean average precision compared to the standard binary relavance approach across all 12 datasets involved in our experiments
b' we report the discovery of a third cyclotron line at @xmath0274kev in the x - ray pulsar v0332 + 53 during its 2004 november outburst .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the he ii 304 line of the eruptive filament mrk 501 .  ⁇ n the he ii 304 line is a sensitive diagnostic of the eruptive structure .  ⁇ n the he ii 304 line is a sensitive diagnostic of the eruptive structure .  ⁇ n the he ii 304 line is sensitive to the eruptive structure .  ⁇ n the he ii 304 line is sensitive to the eruptive structure .  ⁇ n the he ii 304 line is sensitive to the eruptive structure .  ⁇ n the he ii 304 line is sensitive to the eruptive structure .  ⁇ n the he ii 304 line is sensitive to the eruptive structure .  ⁇ n the he ii 304 line is sensitive to the eruptive structure .  ⁇ n the he ii 304 line is sensitive to the eruptive structure .  ⁇ n the he i
b' we use a family of simple models to investigate the effects of infall , outflows , star formation laws and star formation laws on the ages and metallicities of face - on spiral galaxies .  ⁇ n we find that the age and @xmath0 band surface brightness of a galaxy are strongly correlated with the metallicity , and that the metallicity and @xmath0 band magnitude of a galaxy are strongly correlated .  ⁇ 
b' a new model for the resistance noise in a conducting film is presented .  ⁇ n the model consists of two competing processes taking place in a random resistor network .  ⁇ n the two processes are driven by the joint effect of the electrical bias and of the heat exchange with a thermal bath .  ⁇ n the breaking of a single resistor of the network is taken as a simple and general manner to account for different microscopic mechanisms which are responsible for the degradation of the electrical properties of a small region of the film .  ⁇ n the defect generation process is taken to occur in competition with an opposite process , named defect recovery , which mimics the healing mechanisms .  ⁇ n the latter process is taken to occur in a simple and general manner to account for different microscopic mechanisms which are responsible for the degradation of the electrical properties of a small region of the film .  ⁇ n the latter process is taken to occur in competition with an opposite process , called defect recovery , which mimics the healing mechanisms .  ⁇ n the model is compared with the results of monte carlo simulations and with the results of 
b' we study the dynamics of solitons in a toroidal bose - einstein condensate .  ⁇ n we numerically solve the stationary gross - pitaevskii equation and obtain the order parameter of the black soliton .  ⁇ n we then construct gray solitons with imprinted velocities which range from very slow values up to velocities near the ground .  ⁇ 
b' we continue the work in @xcite where we began a study of formal definitions of algorithms .  ⁇ n we discuss in what sense algorithms are similar .  ⁇ 
b' an abelian cover is a finite morphism @xmath0 of varieties which is the quotient map for a generically faithful action of a finite abelian group @xmath1 .  ⁇ n this means that for every component of @xmath2 the @xmath1-action on the restricted cover @
b' we present hi rotation curves for a sample of low surface brightness ( lsb ) galaxies .  ⁇ n we find that the rotation curves of lsb galaxies rise faster than those of high surface brightness ( hsb ) galaxies , and that the total mass density of lsb galaxies is lower than that of hsb galaxies .  ⁇ 
b' we present results of a _ spitzer _ survey of eight globular clusters .  ⁇ n we have obtained 24 and 70 @xmath0 m observations of the clusters .  ⁇ 
b' we discuss the color coherence phenomena at intermediate energies relevant for tjnaf , hermes and kek hadron facility ( jhf ) energies .  ⁇ n we discuss the role of the point - like ( small size ) components of the hadron wave function in the scattering .  ⁇ n we show that the qcd - based approach to the color coherence phenomena is able to describe the observed cross sections in the kinematics of the jhf .  ⁇ n we also discuss the role of the qcd - based approach to the color coherence phenomena . '
b' we present 2-dimensional spatially resolved simulations of the rayleigh - taylor instability in type ia supernovae .  ⁇ n the flame is modeled as a subsonic flame , with a constant pressure across the flame .  ⁇ n the flame is accelerated to a fraction of the speed of sound , and the turbulence generated by the flame is modeled as a kelvin - helmholtz instability .  ⁇ 
b' we present a statistical model of the @xmath0-ray variability of the crab nebula .  ⁇ n the @xmath0-ray variability is modeled by a synchrotron - inverse compton model with a synchrotron - inverse compton transition occurring at a few hundred mev .  ⁇ n the @xmath0-ray variability is modeled by a power - law with a photon index of @xmath1 .  ⁇ n the spectral index of the @xmath0-ray variability is found to be @xmath2 .  ⁇ n the spectral index of the @xmath0-ray variability is found to be @xmath2 .  ⁇ n the spectral index of the @xmath0-ray variability is found to be @xmath2 .  ⁇ n the spectral index of the @xmath0-ray variability is found to be @xmath2 .  ⁇ n the spectral index of the @xmath0-ray variability is found to be @xmath2 .
b' we present the results of a search for sio maser line emission from the galactic center region ( gc ) using the australia telescope compact array ( atca ) .  ⁇ n the vla observations of the gc were carried out with the vlba .  ⁇ n the sio maser emission was detected in the gc region with a projected separation of @xmath0 mas .  ⁇ 
b' we study the stability of small - world networks , a class of networks with a large number of connections .  ⁇ n we show that the introduction of small - world connectivity can increase the stability of the network , and therefore , make it more stable compared to its random counterpart .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the widths of the integer quantized hall plateaus ( qhps ) , based on a self - consistent model based on the local ohm s law .  ⁇ n we find that the widths of the qhps depend on the direction of the applied current .  ⁇ n we also find that the widths of the qhps depend on the amplitude of the imposed current . '
b' we present a theoretical investigation on the iron high - to - low spin transition in magnesium oxide .  ⁇ n the first principles calculations were performed using the all - electron full - potential linearized augmented plane wave method , within the generalized gradient approximation plus the on - site hubbard correction in the 3d - related 3d - related 3d - related 3d - related 3d - related 3d - related 3d - related 3d - related 3d - related 3d - related 3d - related 3d - related 3d - related 3d - related 3d - related 3d - related 3d - related 3d - related 3d - related 3d - related 3d - related 3d - related 3d - related 3d - related 3d - related 3d - related 3d - related 3d - related 3d - related 3d - related 3d - related 3d - related 3d - related 3d - related 3d - related 3d -
b' we study the spectrum of self - adjoint extensions of the symmetric operator constructed from the symmetric operator in the tensor product space .  ⁇ n we show that under exactly the same conditions there is a subfamily of self - adjoint extensions whose point spectrum is empty .  ⁇ n the case of the rashba spin - orbit coupled hamiltonian is a classic one .  ⁇ n we also discuss the spectral properties of the self - adjoint extensions of the symmetric operator . '
b' we present the results of the analysis of the charged current quasielastic reaction @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the cross section dependence on the axial form - factor @xmath1 is calculated assuming the conservation of vector and axial currents .  ⁇ n the results are compared with the recent measurements of @xmath2 and @xmath3 .  ⁇ 
b' the neutrino - plasma interaction problem is analyzed in the framework of the orthodox approach .  ⁇ n the electron density profile is assumed , and then the corresponding medium properties are unveiled .  ⁇ n the method is restricted to two - flavor neutrino populations .  ⁇ n the cases of exponentially decaying or oscillating electron neutrino populations are briefly discussed . '
b' we study the effect of gravitational waves on the cosmic microwave background ( cmb ) temperature anisotropies .  ⁇ n we show that the amplitude of the tensor perturbation is a function of the inflationary hubble rate , and that the tensor spectrum is a function of the cosmological constant .  ⁇ 
b' we show that the amount of nonlocality contained in a bipartite state subject to a superselection rule can be quantified by only one additional number , the superselection induced variance ( siv ) .  ⁇ n we show that this result is valid for arbitrary states and extend it to mixed states .  ⁇ n we show that there exist pure states which carry only eoe , but there are no pure states which carry siv .  ⁇ n on the other hand , it has been demonstrated that there exist separable but nonlocal mixed states , i.e. , states which have a separable decomposition and thus do not contain eoe , but are still nonlocal .  ⁇ n we also show that it is even possible to distill both eoe and siv from some mixed state . '
b' the effect of neutrons emitted from the muon - stopping target of the comet experiment on the cosmic veto counter ( cvc ) is discussed .  ⁇ n the cvc is a photo - multiplier made of aluminum , that can be used to detect muon captures by nuclei of aluminum .  ⁇ n the cvc is a detector with a threshold for signal amplitudes of the muon - stopping target .  ⁇ n the threshold corresponds to a few mev of energy deposited in scintillator by ionization .  ⁇ n the birks effect for neutrons of interest is discussed in detail .  ⁇ n the shielding of the cvc is discussed in detail . '
b' we study the problem of a qubit submitting only to the gravitational field and boarded in a  ⁇  spacecraft  ⁇ ' ⁇ ' with definite position and velocity and following a geodesic around a black hole .  ⁇ n we show that the problem takes place in complex line bundles over a space constituting by the product of the space of lorentz connections by the tangent bundle of the spacetime manifold .  ⁇ n we show that the problem takes place in complex line bundles over a space constituting by the product of the space of lorentz connections by the tangent bundle of the spacetime manifold .  ⁇ n we show that the problem takes place in complex line bundles over a space constituting by the product of the space of lorentz connections by the tangent bundle of the spacetime manifold .  ⁇ n we show that the qubit is submitted to a kind of decoherence process induced by the gravitational field and responsible to the degradation of the entanglement .  ⁇ n we compute a formula providing the 
b' we study head - to - head matchups between baseball pitchers and batters : pitchers benefit by defeating "" batters , and vice versa .  ⁇ n we characterize the more than eight million mlb plate appearances from 1954 to 2008 , considering full careers by examining head - to - head matchups over a multi - season ( career "" ) network and single - season performances by constructing networks for individual seasons .  ⁇ 
b' in this paper , we study the impact of fading on the performance of a noise limited cellular network .  ⁇ n we assume that users are served by the best base station .  ⁇ n the locations of users in the plane are modeled as homogenous poisson point processes .  ⁇ n we derive a general formula for outage probability of noise limited network .  ⁇ 
b' this work deals with the problem of finding the optimal allocation of items in multi - unit combinatorial auctions .  ⁇ n the problem is a hard problem , i.e. , requires extensive resources .  ⁇ 
b' we present a theoretical study of negative refraction and subwavelength imaging in a uniaxially anisotropic medium .  ⁇ n the dispersion relation of the refracted group velocity is calculated in the maxwell - garnett approximation .  ⁇ 
b' we report on the experimental investigation of the exchange bias in antiferromagnetic films ( af ) .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the faraday rotation effect on polarized background quasars with strong mgii absorption lines .  ⁇ n we find that the faraday rotation measure of quasars with strong mgii absorption is enhanced by a factor of @xmath0 compared to those without mgii absorption .  ⁇ n this is consistent with the hypothesis that large scale magnetic fields are present in or around galaxies out to 50 kpc .  ⁇ n this finding provides support to the idea that magnetized outflows in high redshift galaxies are highly magnetized .  ⁇ n furthermore , this finding provides support to the idea that magnetized outflows help removing small scale helicity from galactic disks , preventing the quenching of @xmath4-@xmath5 dynamo mechanism . '
b' we calculate the static potential between two sources in the nambu - goto string model .  ⁇ n we find that the static potential is linear for large distances and has a linear regge trajectory .  ⁇ n we also discuss the lscher term and argue that it remains universal with no mass contributions coming from the point particles attached to the ends of the string .  ⁇ n we also discuss the lscher term and argue that it remains universal with no mass contributions coming from the point particles attached to the ends of the string . '
b' the lhcb experiment is a forward - arm spectrometer which is designed to trigger efficiently on muons , electrons and photons as well as hadronic final states .  ⁇ n the lhcb experiment is designed to operate at a luminosity @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the lhcb experiment will collect a large data sample of @xmath1 decays at the lhc .  ⁇ n the physics reach of a 100 data sample is discussed .  ⁇ n the @xmath2 mixing phase from the tree decay @xmath3 , the @xmath4 penguin decay @xmath5 , as well as the ckm angle @xmath6 are selected .  ⁇ n the physics reach of a 100 data sample is discussed for selected key measurements : the @xmath4 mixing phase from the tree decay @xmath7 , the @xmath8 penguin decay @xmath9 , as well as the ckm angle @xmath6 .  ⁇ 
b' we propose and simulate a scheme to perform quantum deterministic teleportation of electrons in a device consisting of three couples of semiconductor quantum wires .  ⁇ n the carriers are embedded in the minima of surface acoustic waves ( saws ) , propagating in the wires direction .  ⁇ n the qubit - state is encoded through the localization of a single electron in one of two parallel quantum wires .  ⁇ n the coulomb interaction between carriers is used first for the production of an einstein - podolsky - rosen pair of electrons , and then for the rotation of the bell states needed to perform a bell measurement .  ⁇ n we show that the teleportation model can be applied to edge channels in the quantum hall effect . '
b' we present a methodology for determining the resonant forcing of a system of first order differential equations .  ⁇ n we show that the optimal forcing function induces a desired response more efficiently than a sinusoidal forcing function .  ⁇ n we also show that the optimal forcing for a damped oscillator moving in a potential is proportional to the time reflected dynamics of the corresponding unperturbed system .  ⁇ n we demonstrate the efficacy of the methodology with several examples . '
b' we present a theoretical study of the exchange interactions in the diluted magnetic semiconductors of the ii - vi type .  ⁇ n the calculations are performed within the density functional theory .  ⁇ n the mn 3d states are treated as bound magnetic polarons .  ⁇ n the mn 3d states are treated as bound states of the ii - vi semiconductor matrix .  ⁇ n the mn 3d states are treated as bound states of the ii - vi semiconductor matrix .  ⁇ n the mn 3d states are treated as bound states of the ii - vi semiconductor matrix .  ⁇ n the mn 3d states are treated as bound states of the ii - vi semiconductor matrix .  ⁇ n the mn 3d states are treated as bound states of the ii - vi semiconductor matrix .  ⁇ n the mn 3d states are treated as bound states of the ii - vi semiconductor matrix .  ⁇ n the mn 3d states are treated as bound states of the ii - vi semiconductor matrix 
b' we present a new model for the broad iron line observed in the x - ray spectrum of the seyfert galaxy mcg@xmath06 - 30 - 15 .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new three - dimensional self - consistent - field technique that is capable of building the full range of incompressible riemann s - type ellipsoids with nontrivial internal flows ( i.e. , not just the uniformly rotating jacobi configurations , which are thought to be the end point of secularly unstable stars driven by viscosity , and stationary dedekind configurations ) as well as compressible triaxial models that share the same divergence - free velocity field as riemann s - type ellipsoids .  ⁇ n our compressible models satisfy the steady - state euler s equation exactly , but only satisfy the steady - state continuity equation approximately .  ⁇ n we show that the stability properties of these models can be readily analyzed .  ⁇ n we also show that the stability of the riemann s - type ellipsoids is dominated by the elliptical strain instability associated with elliptical stream lines .  ⁇ 
b' we explore the possibility of radiative electroweak symmetry breaking ( ewsb ) in non - supersymmetric extensions of the standard model .  ⁇ n we show that a positive mass parameter for the higgs boson at high energy becomes negative at low energy due to the renormalization group flow .  ⁇ n we also show that a positive mass parameter for the higgs boson at high energy also enhances the available parameter space .  ⁇ n we also show that a positive mass parameter for the higgs boson at high energy becomes negative at low energy due to the renormalization group flow .  ⁇ n we also show that a positive mass parameter for the higgs boson at high energy becomes negative at low energy due to the renormalization group flow .  ⁇ n we also show that a positive mass parameter for the higgs boson at high energy may be necessary in certain unified theories which have two stages of symmetry breaking .  ⁇ n we also show that a positive mass parameter for the higgs boson at high energy may also enhance the available parameter space .  ⁇ 
b' we study the quantum phase diagram of the general isotropic spin-1 model with nearest neighbor interactions on a one dimensional lattice .  ⁇ n we show that the quantum phase diagram is a modified version of the semiclassical phase diagram .  ⁇ n we show that the quantum phase diagram is a modified version of the classical nel phase .  ⁇ n we also show that the quantum phase diagram is a modified version of the classical nel phase . '
b' we consider triple - product correlations in top - quark pair production at the lhc , induced by new @
b' we present a re - analyzed sample of 41 zz ceti white dwarfs , based on spectroscopic fits and time - series photometry .  ⁇ n we find that the ensemble pulsation characteristics of the instability strip are quite different across the instability strip .  ⁇ 
b' we consider a facility location game played among selfish agents , i.e. a set of @xmath0 content distribution networks .  ⁇ n each enterprise chooses a location on the network for installation of replicas of digital content , so as to minimize its individual expenses for _ ( a ) _ storage / management of the content , and _ ( b ) _ weighted connection ( bandwidth / delay ) costs to the chosen location .  ⁇ n we study a facility location game played among selfish agents , that naturally model this situation .  ⁇ n we use a fair allocation rule - known as shapley cost - sharing - for facility installation costs .  ⁇ n we derive bounds on the _ price of stability _ ( pos ) of pure nash equilibria , defined as the cost of the least expensive equilibrium relative to the socially optimum cost .  ⁇ n for strong equilibria we derive bounds on their ( strong ) _ price of anarchy _ (
b' we present a model of plastic instabilities which is based on a fokker - planck equation for the velocity of dislocations .  ⁇ n the model is a generalization of the lubahn model .  ⁇ n the model is a generalization of the lubahn model .  ⁇ n the model is a generalization of the lubahn model .  ⁇ 
b' we study the large deviations of the kingman coalescent .  ⁇ n we prove that the probability of picking two leaves from the initial infinite population is approximately exponentially distributed with mean @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we also give exact rate functions for downwards and upwards deviations .  ⁇ n we also give a simple lower bound for the rate function for downward deviations .  ⁇ n kingman coalescent , large deviations , large deviations , large deviations , large deviations , large deviations . '
b' the higgs boson is a fundamental particle in the standard model , and it is a very important field in the study of the higgs boson s couplings .  ⁇ n the higgs boson is a spin-0 particle produced from excitations of the higgs field , and it is a very important particle in the theory of elementary particle physics .  ⁇ n the higgs boson s couplings are very different from those of fermions and gauge bosons , and they are related to the fine - tuning problem .  ⁇ n the higgs boson s couplings are very different from those of fermions and gauge bosons , and they are referred to as quadratic divergences .  ⁇ n the fine - tuning problem is solved by a new symmetry , which is a symmetry between bosons and fermions .  ⁇ n the extra - dimensions , which are inaccessible to us , are also discussed .  ⁇ n the higgs boson s couplings are also studied .  ⁇ 
b' the rhic experiment at rhic is a powerful laboratory for studying the early stages of the collision .  ⁇ n the main goal of the experiment is to produce and characterize the quark - gluon plasma ( qgp ) .  ⁇ n the main disadvantage of the experiment is that there are several sources of photons , with the concomitant problem of determining which photons arose from which source .  ⁇ 
b' we present a method to identify and separate tracks from the triggered event in the time - series of rf - pulses at future @xmath0 linear colliders .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the piezoelectric ( pz ) coefficients of zinc - blende iii - v materials , focusing on the linear and nonlinear contributions to the kleinman parameter and to the material electronic response .  ⁇ n we find that the linear contribution to the pz coefficients is much larger than the nonlinear one , and that the nonlinear contribution to the kleinman parameter is much larger than the linear one .  ⁇ 
b' we study the phenomenology of supersymmetric models based on orbifold compactifications of the heterotic string .  ⁇ n we focus on those models in which the action is dominated by one loop order contributions to soft breaking terms .  ⁇ 
b' we show that the quantum mass corrections of the skyrmion that appear in the canonically quantized su(3 ) skyrme model are essential in ensuring the stability of the quantum solitons of the model .  ⁇ 
b' we study the phenomenology of a sequential fourth generation of fermions .  ⁇ n we consider the case where the neutrino mass is of order @xmath0 gev .  ⁇ n we find that the lhc and ssc experiments can not detect a heavy charged lepton with a mass greater than @xmath1 gev .  ⁇ n we also consider the case where the neutrino mass is of order @xmath2 gev .  ⁇ n we find that a sequential fourth generation of fermions is not excluded at the 99.999% cl .  ⁇ n we also find that the lhc can not detect a heavy charged lepton with a mass greater than @xmath1 gev . '
b' we report on the detection of synchrotron radiation from high energy electrons in the na64 experiment at cern .  ⁇ n the synchrotron radiation is produced by electrons passing through a dipole bending magnet .  ⁇ n the bgo crystals located downstream the magnet are used to detect the synchrotron radiation emitted by heavy charged particles .  ⁇ n the resulting rejection factor is about 1% .  ⁇ 
b' we study formation of nano - patterns in a reaction - diffusion system with elastic interactions .  ⁇ n the system is modeled by a pair potential in the fourier space .  ⁇ n the elastic effects are modeled by expansion of a pair interatomic potential in the fourier space up to the fourth order in wave - numbers .  ⁇ n the corresponding elastic effects are analyzed by means of a monte carlo simulation .  ⁇ 
b' we study the dynamics of a chaotic dynamical system on a network .  ⁇ n the network nodes correspond to coarse - grained regions of the phase space visited by the trajectory .  ⁇ n the nodes are connected if , during the time evolution , the trajectory jumps from cell to cell .  ⁇ n we show that the network can be used to display novel geometric and topological properties of the phase space .  ⁇ n in particular , we explore the regimes at the onset of chaos that proceed through a bifurcation cascade as well as those close to an intermittency transition and also the full developed chaos . '
b' we present a detailed study of the phase transition between different conformational states of polyelectrolytes in poor solvents .  ⁇ n the model hamiltonian is based on the uniform expansion method .  ⁇ n the mean size of electrostatic blobs , thermal blobs , beads , strings and pearl necklaces is calculated in the absence of salt .  ⁇ n the critical fraction of charges where the first - order transition occurs is estimated using maxwell equal area construction .  ⁇ n the mean size of pearl - necklaces is found to be smaller than that of the thermal blobs .  ⁇ n the critical fraction of charges where the first - order transition occurs is found to be smaller than that of the thermal blobs .  ⁇ n the critical fraction of charges where the first - order transition occurs is estimated using maxwell equal area construction .  ⁇ n the critical fraction of charges where the first - order transition occurs is estimated using maxwell equal area construction .  ⁇ n the critical fraction of charges where the first - order transition occurs is estimated using the uniform expansion method .
b' we present a vacuum , plane wave spacetime which admits closed causal curves ( cccs ) .  ⁇ n we show that a particular set of closed null geodesics ( cngs ) , which are pushed out infinity , admits cccs .  ⁇ n we also show that a vacuum , plane wave spacetime admits cccs .  ⁇ n pacs numbers : 04.20.-q , 04.20.ds , 04.20.gz '
b' we present a general prescription for radial and vertical angular - momentum transport in protostellar discs .  ⁇ n the prescription is based on the fact that the growth of the magnetorotational instability ( mri ) depends on the local strength of the magnetic field , which we measure by @xmath0 , the ratio of the alfvn speed to the isothermal sound speed .  ⁇ n this allows us to incorporate the effect of finite magnetic diffusivity in our model .  ⁇ n we illustrate the prescription with a solution with predominantly radial angular - momentum transport .  ⁇ n we also discuss a representative solution that incorporates radial and vertical angular - momentum transport . '
b' we study the resonant enhancement of atom losses in heteronuclear systems with two species of atoms .  ⁇ n we focus on the case of two heavy bosonic atoms of mass @xmath0 and one light atom of mass @xmath1 .  ⁇ n we find that the resonant enhancement of atom losses can be significantly reduced in the case of two identical bosons .  ⁇ 
b' we theoretically investigate the non - equilibrium dynamics of a two - dimensional array of three - level atoms each coupled to a horizontal cavity mode and a vertical cavity mode .  ⁇ n we derive the effective hamiltonian describing the system and find mean - field equations of motion whose solutions feature rich dynamics , including bistable behaviour , ising like phase transition or the occurrence of limit cycles .  ⁇ n we then discuss in detail the physics of the atomic motion . '
b' we present a novel method to construct hierarchies of tags , i.e. , directed acyclic graphs ( dags ) , for the scientific keywords from the web of science .  ⁇ n we apply this method to the datasets to which it is applied .  ⁇ n we show that the hierarchies obtained for the scientific keywords from the web of science are compared to each other and to the 3-level classification of categories given by the web of science .  ⁇ n we also show that the hierarchies obtained for the scientific keywords from the web of science are more complex than the ones obtained for the 3-level classification of categories given by the web of science . '
b' we examine the possibility of new - physics contributions to the decay @xmath0 .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed analysis of the na , o , and na abundances in the oldest open cluster ngc 6791 .  ⁇ n we find that the na abundances in the red giant branch ( rgb ) of ngc 6791 are consistent with a single na abundance of @xmath0 .  ⁇ 
b' we study the emission of few emitters in a cavity , with particular focus on the photon statistics of the emitted light .  ⁇ n our goal is the characterization of temperature and coupling regimes where nonclassical light is generated .  ⁇ n a major result will be the identification of two clearly distinguished neighboring regimes with pronounced sub - poissonian and super - poissonian photon statistics at strong coupling .  ⁇ n our results are obtained with the full input - output formalism and master equation without further approximations .  ⁇ n we make two comparisons .  ⁇ n first , we compare the results obtained when the counter - rotating light - matter interaction terms are included in the hamiltonian to those when they are dropped .  ⁇ n second , we compare the results obtained with the full master equation with results from the quantum optical master equation .  ⁇ n the latter comparison shows the necessity of using the correct master equation already at weak coupling if the photon statistics is of interest .  ⁇ n we conclude that the quantum optical master equation is not necessary . '
b' we construct numerical black - hole binary initial data using the effective - potential method .  ⁇ n we use a quasi - local definition of the angular momentum of an individual black hole and a boundary condition that is derived within the more recent _ isolated horizons _ framework of ashtekar and krishnan .  ⁇ n we use this definition to construct models of black - hole binaries in circular orbits .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the size of the extended emission region of the crab nebula at tev energies .  ⁇ n the hegra iact system is a stereoscopic system of imaging atmospheric cherenkov telescopes .  ⁇ n the hegra iact system is a prototype of a cherenkov telescope , based on the hegra iact system .  ⁇ 
b' we review the recent progress in understanding the formation of large - scale structure ( lss ) in the universe .  ⁇ n we discuss the implications of the harrison - zeldovich ( h - z ) form of the primordial density perturbation , and the implications for the cosmological evolution of the universe .  ⁇ n we also discuss the implications of the h - z form for the lss .  ⁇ n we also discuss the implications for the lss . '
b' we present a study of the properties of broad absorption line ( bal ) quasars based on a sample of quasars with a broad fe ii absorption line ( felobal ) .  ⁇ n we find that the global covering factor and properties of lobal qsos are very similar , suggesting that the unification scheme is a key process in the formation of massive galaxies .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of two - dimensional ( 2d ) numerical simulations of magnetized tori .  ⁇ n we find that the mri grows linearly in both models , and that it is a factor of @xmath0 stronger in the self - gravitating case .  ⁇ n we discuss the implications of our results for the evolution of accretion disks . '
b' we investigate the flavour - violating anomaly - mediated supersymmetry - breaking scenario , where the flavour - violating soft masses of the squark and slepton sectors are induced by quantum effects due to the superconformal anomaly .  ⁇ n we show that the flavour - violating soft masses can be enhanced by a factor of two compared to the minimal supersymmetric standard model .  ⁇ 
b' we present a general linear response theory approach for treating the coupling of two bose gases at finite temperatures .  ⁇ n we derive formally exact expressions for the tunneling currents in terms of single - atom correlation functions .  ⁇ n we apply our formalism to a class of experiments involving raman scattering of atoms between trapped bose gases .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed analysis of the radial velocities and line strengths of globular clusters in the halo of m104 .  ⁇ 
b' we study the schwimmer formula for the amplitude of the hard pomerons , which is a generalization of the balitski - kovchegov equation .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new method to fit rotation curves of low surface brightness ( lsb ) galaxies , based on the ( @xmath0)cold dark matter paradigm .  ⁇ 
b' we discuss the different realistic scenarios for @xmath0 unification .  ⁇ n we propose a new grand unified theory where the charged fermion masses are generated at the renormalizable level , while the neutrino masses are generated at the quantum level through the zee mechanism .  ⁇ n we investigate the unification of gauge interactions and show we can have consistent scenarios for unification when the colored octet present in the theory is not very heavy .  ⁇ n therefore , this theory predicts the possibility to observe exotic signals at current and future colliders .  ⁇ n the predictions for proton decay are shown in order to understand the testability of the theory at the super - kamiokande or hyper - kamiokande experiments . '
b' the dependence of the number of interacting nucleons and the multiplicity of produced secondaries on the impact parameter is calculated .  ⁇ n the results are based practically only on geometry , and do not depend on the model of interaction .  ⁇ n the dispersion of the distribution on the number of interacting nucleons ( which is similar to the distributions on the transverse energy , multiplicity of secondaries , etc . ) is very large .  ⁇ n this allows in principle to have a significant dependence of some characteristic of the interaction , say , mean multiplicity of the secondaries , on the used trigger .  ⁇ n on the other hand , in the case of central collisions the dispersion is small that should result in weak dependence on any trigger .  ⁇ n we consider the high energy nucleus - nucleus collision as a superposition of the independent nucleon - nucleon interactions .  ⁇ n so our results can be considered also as a test for search the quark - gluon plasma formation .  ⁇ 
b' we study the ground - state quantum phase transitions of the dicke model of superradiance .  ⁇ n the model is a generalization of the tavis - cummings model , which is a generalization of the dicke model .  ⁇ n the model exhibits a smooth crossover between the fully integrable ( hence at least partly understandable ) and a prevailingly chaotic ( so entirely numerical ) regime .  ⁇ n we show that an unmistakable characterization of phases involving excited states is not achieved through the expectation values alone , but rather through their different smoothed energy dependences ( trends ) .  ⁇ n the main emphasis of our analysis is nevertheless put on the entanglement properties of excited states across the whole spectrum and their potential links to excited - state quantum phase transitions and quantum phases of the model . '
b' we study the effect of an anharmonic contribution to the effective charging energy of a vibrating quantum dot .  ⁇ n the system is modeled as a single - electron transistor whose center island is coupled to a mechanical vibration .  ⁇ n it is shown that the system becomes unstable towards addition or extraction of electrons .  ⁇ n the effective charging energy as a function of the electron number in the dot has a double - well structure which , moreover , depends on temperature .  ⁇ n this is in striking contrast to the usual parabolic charging energy and leads to a variety of novel effects .  ⁇ n at zero gate charge and low temperatures , there is a symmetry between particle and hole - like excitations causing the existence of degenerate minima of the effective charging energy which for weak anharmonicity are separated by a large number of electrons .  ⁇ n the average population and the electron number fluctuations are highly sensitive to the gate voltage which breaks the symmetry between the minima .  ⁇ n the transport properties of the system exhibit a number of distinctive features attributed
b' the  ⁇  aroma.affymetrix  ⁇  package is a freely available tool for the analysis of microarray data .  ⁇ n it is a tool for analyzing all affymetrix chip types with a ( .cdf ) chip definition file .  ⁇ n the package can be easily installed into  ⁇  r  ⁇ /bioconductor .  ⁇ n the main tool in this paper is the documentation of  ⁇  aroma.affymetrix  ⁇  .  ⁇ n the workflow is carried out solely in  ⁇  r ⁇ /bioconductor .  ⁇ n the paper is available as a sweave document .  ⁇ n the workflow starts by reading in the data followed by background correction and quantile normalization .  ⁇ n we then explain how to extract data for different statistical analyses and propose a method for gene annotation and for gene profile visualization .  ⁇ n finally , we use the packages  ⁇  biomart  ⁇  and  ⁇  genomegraphs  ⁇  to annotate and visualize the transcripts in a genomic context .  ⁇ n the workflow is carried
b' we present a set of three - dimensional , high - resolution , numerical simulations of the reionization of the universe .  ⁇ n the simulations are based on a newly developed and highly accurate optically thin eddington variable tensor approximation for modeling radiative transfer .  ⁇ n the main difference with previous simulations is that a newly developed and highly accurate optically thin eddington variable tensor approximation for modeling radiative transfer is used instead of a crude local optical depth approximation .  ⁇ n the main difference with previous simulations is that a newly developed and highly accurate optically thin eddington variable tensor approximation for modeling radiative transfer is used instead of a crude local optical depth approximation .  ⁇ n the main difference with previous simulations is that a newly developed and highly accurate optically thin eddington variable tensor approximation for modeling radiative transfer is used instead of a crude local optical depth approximation .  ⁇ n the simulations therefore should be sufficiently accurate to be
b' we study the effects of cp violation in the production of @xmath0 leptons and their decay products .  ⁇ n we consider the case of a @xmath1 linear collider with a center - of - mass energy of 500 gev and a polarization of the electron and positron beams .  ⁇ n we compute the correlations of the @xmath0 leptons with the momenta of the @xmath0 decay products .  ⁇ n we find that the correlations are non - vanishing in the event that the @xmath0 lepton has an electric dipole form factor or its generalization , the so - called weak dipole moment form factor .  ⁇ n we also study the effects of helicity - flip bremsstrahlung on these correlations .  ⁇ n we find that the helicity - flip bremsstrahlung contribution to these correlations is negligible .  ⁇ n we discuss the implications of our results for the configuration being planned at tesla and how our results translate into certain design criteria for
b' we propose to extend programs with additional meta - information .  ⁇ n this information is invisible to an answer - set programming solver but may be used to support and ease the development process , test and verify programs , and to eliminate many sources for common programmer errors .  ⁇ n we introduce an annotation language for answer - set programs that offers various ways to express meta - information for rules and other language elements .  ⁇ n this information can be used to support and ease the development process , test and verify programs , and to eliminate many sources for common programmer errors with little extra cost .  ⁇ n we describe a dedicated annotation language , , standing for language for annotating answer - set programs '
b' we present a detailed study of the hanle effect in the solar chromosphere .  ⁇ n we use a time - dependent model of the solar chromosphere to study the effects of kinematic and magnetic motions on the scattering polarization .  ⁇ 
b' we study the effect of the photon drag force on the dynamics of particles accelerated in a magnetosphere .  ⁇ n we show that the photon drag force is a very efficient mechanism for the acceleration of particles .  ⁇ n we show that the photon drag force can be used to accelerate particles in a region called light cylinder .  ⁇ n we also show that the photon drag force can be used to accelerate particles in a region where the photon field density is high .  ⁇ n pacs numbers : 98.80.-k , 98.80.cq , 98.80.es ' mississauga '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '
b' we study the diphoton excess in the standard model with leptoquarks and one higgs singlet .  ⁇ n the leptoquarks are colored scalars that simultaneously couple to the leptons and quarks , and the higgs singlet is the 750 gev diphoton resonance candidate .  ⁇ n the lepton - flavor - violating processes @xmath0 and @xmath1 can arise from the tree - level lq - mediated feynman diagrams when the muon @xmath2 is induced from the lq loops .  ⁇ n although the wilson coefficient from the leptoquark contributions can satisfy the requirements , the muon @xmath3 can fit the current data .  ⁇ n in addition , the results are consistent with the measurement of the rare flavor - changing process @xmath4 . '
b' the influence of the induced dipole moment on the angular and spectral distributions of photoelectrons emitted in the process of a single - photon ionization from a strongly polarizable target ( in particular , a metal cluster anion ) exposed to a laser field is investigated .  ⁇ n the angular distribution of the emitted electron is modified due to the action of the field of alternating dipole moment induced at the residue by the laser field .  ⁇ n the degree of this effect is determined by the magnitude of the dipole moment , which , in turn , is proportional to the residue s dynamic dipole polarizability .  ⁇ n the effect can be very pronounced even for laser fields of low intensities .  ⁇ n the results are compared with recent experimental studies of the photodetachment from various metal cluster anions carried out by means of angle resolved photoelectron spectroscopy . '
b' we study the non - thermal emission from cosmic - rays ( crs ) that heat cool cores and the active galactic nuclei ( agns ) that are responsible for the acceleration of the crs .  ⁇ n we find that the non - thermal emission from the crs can be stably heated for a long time .  ⁇ 
b' we study the phase structure of the @
b' we present a framework for evaluating the quality of statistical statistics that are used to compare simulations of star forming molecular clouds to observations of the same .  ⁇ 
b' we discuss the possibility that the hosts of long - duration gamma - ray bursts ( grbs ) may represent the hotter counterparts of submillimeter galaxies ( smgs ) .  ⁇ n we use the grasil code to model the spectral energy distributions ( seds ) of grb hosts .  ⁇ n we find that the host galaxies of grbs are hotter than typical smgs with the same luminosity .  ⁇ n this gives a hint that grb events may pinpoint a population of ultraluminous infrared galaxies ( ulirgs ) at high redshifts with dust hotter than in typical smgs .  ⁇ n we discuss the possibility that these grb hosts may be consistent with a population of optically faint radio galaxies ( ofrgs ) having similar infrared luminosities and ( likely ) temperatures . '
b' we measure the thickness of water films adsorbed on graphene nanopowders consisting of nanoflakes of different thicknesses .  ⁇ n we find that the contact angle of water is indistinguishable from 180@xmath077@
b' we present _ chandra x - ray observatory _ and cerro tololololo _ observations of the field of the soft gamma - ray repeater sgr 1806 - 20 .  ⁇ n the field shows a strong x - ray pulsation with a period of @
b' the spectrum of the chromoelectric flux between static sources in the fundamental representation of @xmath0 is determined from high statistics simulations and the loop expansion on the analytic side .  ⁇ n the spectrum is consistent with the goldstone excitations associated with the spontaneously - broken transverse translational symmetry .  ⁇ n the spectrum is consistent with massive capillary waves on the surface of the flux sheet with a cutoff dependent mass gap .  ⁇ n the most likely explanation for this gap is peierls - nabarro lattice pinning of the confining flux sheet at small correlation lengths .  ⁇ n the spectrum is consistent with the peierls - nabarro lattice pinning of the confining flux sheet at small correlation lengths .  ⁇ n the strong coupling spectrum in su(2 ) for d=3 lend further support to the earlier findings . '
b' in this work , we investigate the support of four well - known architecture description language ( adl ) for handling dynamic reconfiguration .  ⁇ n we chose these four languages because they rely on different paradigms : the higher order typed @xmath0-calculus , first order predicate logic , compo - nent- and event - based , and , graph grammars and communicating sequential processes ( csp ) , respectively .  ⁇ n we chose these four languages because they rely on different paradigms : the higher order typed @xmath0-calculus , first order predicate logic , compo - nent- and event - based , and , graph grammars and communicating sequential processes ( csp ) , respectively .  ⁇ n we also compare the four adls in the light of our example of a tcp / ip stack system .  ⁇ n we find that the four adls support dynamic reconfiguration .  ⁇ n we also find that
b' this paper deals with the efficient calculation of approximate solutions to a sequence of parametric optimization problems where the parameter is varying slowly .  ⁇ n the main contribution of this paper is a contraction estimate for the real - time sequential convex programming ( rtscp ) method .  ⁇ 
b' we discuss the problem of quark mass spectrum and ckm matrix in a model with a democratic structure for the mass matrices .  ⁇ n we find that the mass matrices can be generated to the precision determined by current experimental data .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a numerical study of the dynamics of hypothetical trojans around the lagrange point @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the simulations were performed in the realistic dynamical model of the outer solar system consisting of jupiter , saturn , uranus and neptune .  ⁇ n the results of the simulations were performed for several hundreds of hypothetical trojans around the equilibrium point @xmath1 .  ⁇ n the results show that the depletion of asteroids is very fast for saturn , uranus and neptune .  ⁇ n the migration of the trojans is dominated by the migration of the large planets .  ⁇ n the migration of the trojans is dominated by the migration of the small planets .  ⁇ n the migration of the small planets is dominated by the migration of the large planets .  ⁇ n the migration of the small planets is dominated by the migration of the large planets .  ⁇ n the migration of the large planets is dominated by the migration of the small
b' in this paper we propose a method of trading off performance for accuracy of the answer given a query to a set of data providers holding vertically partitioned data .  ⁇ n we propose a specific way to perform sampling in vertically split datasets and calculate sample size given acceptable error .  ⁇ n performance improvements of the method are shown on a calculation of intersection set cardinality , together with a proposed heuristic algorithm .  ⁇ n we also discuss a case of non - cooperative data providers and adaptation of the proposed algorithm for differential privacy calculations . '
b' we present a theoretical study of the elastic cross section of ultracold bosonic dysprosium atoms , based on the cross - dimensional relaxation method .  ⁇ 
b' in this paper , we investigate the security performance of universal secure network coding based on general linear codes .  ⁇ n the security performance is defined by two criteria .  ⁇ n one is called the _ universal equivocation _ and the other is called the _ universal strong security _ , where the performance measure is a performance measure such that no part of the secret message is deterministically revealed even if at most @
b' we study the stability of a class of designer gravity theories , where the hamiltonian charges are bounded from below by a real function @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we show that a generic superpotential @xmath1 can be constructed from the bulk scalar potential @xmath2 .  ⁇ 
b' i argue that turbulence is a system of differential equations , arising as a limiting case of a much studied physical problem , in which uniqueness fails for _ every _ solution at _ every _ time .  ⁇ 
b' cognitive research deals with how people learn and solve problems .  ⁇ n there are three components of cognitive research : how do people acquire knowledge , how do they organize and retain the knowledge in memory ( brain ) and how do they retrieve this knowledge from memory in appropriate situations including to solve problems .  ⁇ 
b' the self - energy , the vacuum - polarization , and the nuclear magnetization distribution corrections to the @xmath0-factor of a hydrogen - like ion with a non - zero nuclear spin are calculated .  ⁇ n the calculations are performed within the framework of the relativistic theory of the nuclear magnetic shielding .  ⁇ n the results are compared with the available experimental data .  ⁇ 
b' we have studied the effects of polymer additives on the heat transport in the bulk of turbulent rayleigh - bnard convection .  ⁇ 
b' in this paper , we propose a model for particle number production with the interaction .  ⁇ n the current associated with the particle number is written in terms of a green function of non - equilibrium field theory .  ⁇ n the particle number production rate is computed and its property is discussed . '
b' we present the first near - ir tully - fisher ( tf ) relation for a sample of 101 disk galaxies .  ⁇ n we find that the tf relation is a good tracer of the evolution of the fraction of the total mass in a stellar form .  ⁇ 
b' we have studied the shape and spin of dark matter ( dm ) halos in a large non - radiative cosmological gasdynamical simulation .  ⁇ n we have characterized the shape of both components in halos .  ⁇ n we have found that the spin parameter of the gas component is larger than that of the dark matter component .  ⁇ n we have also studied the distribution of spin parameters of the gas component in our simulations .  ⁇ n we have found that the spin parameter of the gas component is @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the spin parameter of the gas component is @xmath1 .  ⁇ n the spin parameter of the gas component is @xmath2 .  ⁇ n the spin parameter of the gas component is @xmath3 .  ⁇ n the spin parameter of the gas component is @xmath4 .  ⁇ n the spin parameter of the gas component is @xmath5 .  ⁇ n the spin parameter of the gas component is @xmath6 .  ⁇ n the spin parameter of the gas component is @xmath7 .  ⁇ 
b' we define a _ sociotechnical system _ as one involving interactions between _ autonomous _ social entities such as people and organizations mediated by technical components .  ⁇ n our definition contrasts with one of the conventional uses of the term , which covers any interaction between humans and societal infrastructure .  ⁇ 
b' scanning tunneling microscopy ( stm ) is a powerful technique to image , control and monitor molecular systems with atomic resolution under a wide range of experimental conditions .  ⁇ n the quality of stm images is , however
b' we investigate the entanglement properties of a bipartite entangled state under the influence of local decoherence .  ⁇ n we show that if an initial free entangled state becomes non - distillable in finite time under the influence of local decoherence , then it undergoes distillability sudden death(dsd ) .  ⁇ n we then propose the dsd - free state , which has entanglement robust against local decoherence .  ⁇ n we also show that the dsd - free state is a useful resource for practical quantum - information processing . '
b' we present a tensorial decomposition of two - loop feynman diagrams , which allows us to reduce all two - loop amplitudes for a process due to any renormalizable interactions into a set of ten scalar integrals and their derivatives .  ⁇ n we show that the tensor integrals are simple , one - dimensional integrals , and thus can be extended into the complex plane and optimized for rapid numerical convergence .  ⁇ n we also discuss the numerical techniques involved .  ⁇ n -0.5 cm -0.5 cm -0.5 cm -0.5 cm -0.5 cm -0.5 cm -0.5 cm -0.5 cm -0.5 cm -0.5 cm -0.5 cm -0.5 cm -0.5 cm -0.5 cm -0.5 cm -0.5 cm -0.5 cm -0.5 cm -0.5 cm -0.5 cm -0.5 cm -0.5 cm -0.5 cm -0.5 cm -0.5 cm -0.5 cm -0.5 cm -0.5 cm -0.5 cm -0.5 cm
b' we study the formation of the andromeda giant stream in the dark matter halo of m31 using @xmath0-body simulations .  ⁇ n we find that the mass density of the outer dark matter halo decreases with the cube of the distance from the galactic center in accordance with the prediction of the cold dark matter model .  ⁇ n we also find that the mass density of the outer dark matter halo decreases with the cube of the distance from the galactic center .  ⁇ n the mass density of the outer dark matter halo decreases with the cube of the distance from the galactic center .  ⁇ n the mass density of the outer dark matter halo decreases with the cube of the distance from the galactic center .  ⁇ n the mass density of the outer dark matter halo decreases with the cube of the distance from the galactic center .  ⁇ n the mass density of the outer dark matter halo decreases with the cube of the distance from the galactic center .  ⁇ n the mass density of the outer dark matter halo decreases with the
b' we investigate the dynamics of quantum correlations between two qubits coupled to a common transverse field .  ⁇ n we show that the quantum discord and entanglement sudden death ( esd ) are a useful tool to characterize quantum correlations .  ⁇ 
b' we analyze the quantum dynamics of the temperature difference between two macroscopic bodies , i.e. , a hot and a cold coffee mug , and show that the dynamics of the temperature difference is autonomous and markovian .  ⁇ n this implies that the dynamics of the temperature difference possesses a unique , attractive fixed point , is free of memory effects and is not affected by any other variables .  ⁇ n we also discuss the effect of the temperature difference on the dynamics of the temperature difference . '
b' we present a detailed analysis of the recurrent nova ciaql , which was originally recorded as a possible nova in 1917 .  ⁇ n the spectra of ciaql in quiescence show a heii and ciii niii complex , and a heii niii complex .  ⁇ n the heii and ciii niii complexes are clearly detected in the spectra .  ⁇ n the heii and ciii niii complexes are clearly detected in the spectra .  ⁇ n the heii and ciii niii complexes are clearly detected in the spectra .  ⁇ n the heii and ciii niii complexes are clearly detected in the spectra .  ⁇ n the heii and ciii niii complexes are clearly detected in the spectra .  ⁇ n the hei
b' we calculate the transition matrix elements for the @xmath0 conversion of a bound 1s - muon to electron in the field of a nucleus .  ⁇ n the transition matrix elements for the @xmath1 conversion are calculated in the coherent mode .  ⁇ n the ratio of the coherent to the total @xmath2 rate is calculated .  ⁇ n the experimentally interesting quantity of the ratio of the coherent to the total @xmath6 rate is determined .  ⁇ 
b' we present a methodological study of the hydrodynamic interactions ( hi ) in a bead - spring chain model .  ⁇ n the method is based on the brownian dynamics ( bd ) method , which is a very efficient and efficient method to treat hi in molecular dynamics simulations .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed study of the magnetic and orbital structure of the bilayer manganites around @
b' we present the results of a broad - band spectroscopic study of the cas a supernova remnant , obtained with the bepposax satellite .  ⁇ n the spectral analysis of the 0.58.0kev spectrum shows that the ejecta from the supernova explosion are dominated by a hard x - ray tail , with a spectral index of @xmath0kev .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed analysis of the stellar abundance distribution of the milky way halo based on a sample of 92 spectroscopically confirmed members of the sloan digital sky survey ( sdss ) .  ⁇ n the sample is based on the sdss dr7 spectroscopic sample .  ⁇ n we find that the thick disk is a more metal - poor component than the thin disk .  ⁇ n the thick disk is more metal - rich than the thin disk .  ⁇ n the thick disk is more metal - rich than the thin disk .  ⁇ n the thick disk is more metal - rich than the thin disk .  ⁇ n the thick disk is more metal - rich than the thin disk .  ⁇ n the thick disk is more metal - rich than the thin disk .  ⁇ n the thick disk is more metal - rich than the thin disk .  ⁇ n the thick disk is more metal - rich than the thin disk .  ⁇ n the thick disk is more metal - rich than the thin disk .  ⁇ 
b' the possibility of interband superconductivity in multiorbital systems is revisited .  ⁇ 
b' we study ground - state properties of ultracold bosons in an optical lattice with the layered triangular structure .  ⁇ n we discuss the possible particle distributions for the solid and supersolid states .  ⁇ n we show that the supersolid state is realized even at half filling , in addition to the well - known supersolid states discussed in a single layered model .  ⁇ n we also discuss the nature of the supersolid states . '
b' we study the electric dipole moments ( edms ) of the two - higgs doublet models ( 2hdms ) with softly broken @xmath0 symmetry .  ⁇ n we show that the one - loop contributions to the edms are too small to be observed in the models .  ⁇ n we also study the type - ii edms , which is a natural candidate for the electroweak baryogenesis .  ⁇ n we find that the one - loop contributions to the edms are sizable .  ⁇ n we also study the type - ii edms , which is a natural candidate for the electroweak baryogenesis .  ⁇ n we find that the one - loop contributions to the edms are sizable .  ⁇ n we also study the type - ii edms .  ⁇ n we find that the one - loop contributions to the edms are sizable .  ⁇ n we also find
b' this article is a review of the main experimental applications of fluctuation theorems and summarizes the plenary talk given at statphys24 . '
b' we introduce the notion of @xmath0-deformed grading on the enveloping algebra generated by all products in different deformed heisenberg algebras .  ⁇ n this notion generalizes the ordinary grassmann grading and , moreover , by defining a generalized @xmath0-graded bracket , one is able to recover , in each subalgebra , the correct structure for bosonic , fermionic , @xmath1 graded and basic deformed bosonic algebras .  ⁇ n the extension of grassmann parity affords us to understand ordinary associative superalgebras and their @xmath1 graded structure ( the usual framework of supersymmetry ) as limit algebras when the parameter @xmath2 is considered .  ⁇ n we then determine the modified supersymmetric hamiltonian and its deformed supercharges mapping some deformed fermions on deformed bosons .  ⁇ 
b' we study the multiplicity distributions of charged particles produced in @xmath0 and @xmath1 collisions at the lhc energies .  ⁇ n we show that the multiplicity distributions of charged particles can be described by the negative binomial distribution ( nbd ) .  ⁇ n the nbd is a consequence of the symmetry breaking of the nbd .  ⁇ n the nbd is a consequence of the symmetry breaking of the nbd .  ⁇ n the nbd is a consequence of the symmetry breaking of the nbd .  ⁇ n the nbd is a consequence of the symmetry breaking of the nbd .  ⁇ n the nbd is a consequence of the symmetry breaking of the nbd .  ⁇ n the nbd is a consequence of the symmetry breaking of the nbd .  ⁇ n the nbd is a consequence of the symmetry breaking of the nbd .  ⁇ n the nb
b' we present the results of a search for sgr - like contamination in the batse gamma - ray burst data .  ⁇ 
b' we study the evolution of the first stars in the universe , focusing on the effects of chemical feedback on the formation of pop iii stars .  ⁇ n we show that the chemical feedback is a key element driving the transition between an epoch dominated by the formation of massive pop iii stars to an epoch dominated by the formation of ordinary pop ii / i stars .  ⁇ n we show that the chemical feedback is a crucial element for the formation of pop iii stars , and that the transition is controlled by the strength of the chemical feedback .  ⁇ n we also show that the transition is dominated by the formation of pop ii / i stars , and that the transition is dominated by the formation of pop ii / i stars .  ⁇ n we find that the transition is dominated by the formation of pop ii / i stars , and that the transition is dominated by the formation of pop ii / i stars .  ⁇ n we also show that the transition is dominated by the formation of pop i
b' we present a new method to determine distances to supernova remnants ( snrs ) .  ⁇ n we use the method to re - measure distances to two snrs , kes 69 and g21.5 - 0.9 , which have 1720 mhz oh maser emission .  ⁇ 
b' we present a calculation of the first non - universal coefficient of the lattice @xmath0 function in pure yang - mills theory .  ⁇ n this coefficient is known as the first non - universal coefficient of the renormalized @xmath0 function .  ⁇ n we use a coordinate space method to evaluate the integrals and to compute the coefficients in the renormalized @xmath0 function .  ⁇ n we find that the coefficient @
b' we put forward a variant of the scotogenic radiative neutrino - mass model by ma , in which the neutrino mass is generated by a hypercharge zero triplet scalar field .  ⁇ n the model is scotogenic and does not require the introduction of additional discrete @xmath0 symmetry to eliminate the competing tree - level contribution .  ⁇ n we also study another scotogenic variant of the neutrino - mass model where discrete @xmath0 symmetry is replaced by @xmath1 gauge symmetry .  ⁇ n the phenomenology of the model may include interesting astrophysical implications or may have lhc signatures . '
b' we give a theoretical foundation of the factorization approach for @xmath0 decays .  ⁇ 
b' we study the early evolution of stellar clusters embedded in molecular clouds .  ⁇ n we use a n - body simulation to study the role played by the dispersion of the parent cloud on the early evolution of the embedded clusters .  ⁇ n we find that the dispersion of the parent cloud has a significant influence on the early evolution of the embedded clusters .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new model for the formation of the first stars , based on the spherical - shell model .  ⁇ n the model includes the effects of the spherical - shell model , the spherical - shell model , and the spherical - shell model .  ⁇ n the model includes the effects of the spherical - shell model , the spherical - shell model , and the spherical - shell model .  ⁇ n the spherical - shell model is a good approximation to the spherical - shell model , but the spherical - shell model is a better approximation to the spherical - shell model .  ⁇ n the spherical - shell model is a good approximation to the spherical - shell model , but the spherical - shell model is a better approximation to the spherical - shell
b' in this paper , some bounds on the multi - state - dependent quantum cloning process are given .  ⁇ n it is shown that the global fidelity of 3-state - dependent quantum cloning process is maximal .  ⁇ n it is also shown that the global fidelity of 3-state - dependent quantum cloning process is maximal . '
b' in this paper , a transmission scheme based on orthogonal frequency division multiplexing ( ofdm ) at the relay nodes is proposed to combat the timing errors at the relays .  ⁇ n the conditions on the distributed space time block code ( dstbc ) structure that admit its application in the proposed transmission scheme are identified .  ⁇ n the recently proposed full diversity four group decodable dstbcs for synchronous wireless relay networks are found to satisfy the required conditions for application in the proposed transmission scheme .  ⁇ n it is also shown how differential encoding at the source node can be combined with the proposed transmission scheme to arrive at a transmission scheme that can achieve full asynchronous cooperative diversity in the absence of channel knowledge and in the absence of knowledge of the timing errors of the relay nodes .  ⁇ n moreover , an existing class of four group decodable distributed differential stbcs applicable in this scenario is also proposed .  ⁇ n simulation results show that the proposed transmission scheme can achieve full asynchronous cooperative diversity in the absence of channel knowledge and in the absence of knowledge
b' we calculate the superconducting transition temperature @xmath0 in the d - wave superconductor using the eliashberg equations for the afm spectral function .  ⁇ n we find that the ratio of the transition temperature to the typical electronic kinetic energy parameters @xmath1 is about @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we also find that the bcs type coupling constant is not divergent when the characteristic fluctuation frequency and the bcs type coupling constant are close to the afm quantum critical point . '
b' we investigate the structure of equilibrium gels in binary and ternary mixtures of patchy colloids .  ⁇ n we compare theoretical predictions with monte carlo simulation results .  ⁇ n we find that the flory - stockmayer theory of polymerization predicts the existence of new gel structures in binary mixtures , such as bigels and mixed gels .  ⁇ n we also extend the analysis of the percolation of patchy colloids to ternary mixtures both theoretically and using computer simulations .  ⁇ n we find eight fundamentally different types of gels that we classify according to their strength against breaking bonds .  ⁇ n the rich phenomenology of the ternary system can be understood as a competition between the entropy of mixing , which favors interspecies bonds , dominates and promotes the formation of different types of mixed gels .  ⁇ n the stability of each type of gel can be controlled by changing the temperature and composition of the mixture . '
b' we present a high spatial resolution acis - s3 ccd observation of the elliptical galaxy ngc 4697 .  ⁇ n the x - ray source population is well described by a power - law with a photon index of 6.4 .  ⁇ n the x - ray source population is dominated by a single , heavily obscured x - ray source , with a spectral index of 6.4 .  ⁇ n the x - ray source population is dominated by a single , heavily obscured x - ray source , with a spectral index of 6.4 .  ⁇ n the x - ray source population is dominated by a single , heavily obscured x - ray source , with a spectral index of 6.4 .  ⁇ n the x - ray source population is dominated by a single , heavily obscured x - ray source , with a spectral index of 6.4 .  ⁇ 
b' we present the first numerical hydrodynamic simulations that self - consistently explain the formation of a plateau in the radial abundance distribution of heavy elements in the vicinity of corotation .  ⁇ n we demonstrate the development of cyclones and anticyclones in the gas flow around corotation and study their influence on the radial abundance distribution of heavy elements in spiral galaxies .  ⁇ n we find that the radial abundance distribution of heavy elements in the vicinity of corotation is a nonlinear function with a negative slope .  ⁇ n the radial abundance distributions of heavy elements in the vicinity of corotation are a function of the angular momentum of individual stars and cold gas clouds .  ⁇ n the radial abundance distributions of heavy elements in the vicinity of corotation are a function of the angular momentum of individual stars and cold gas clouds .  ⁇ n the radial abundance distributions of heavy elements in the vicinity of corotation are a function of the angular momentum of individual stars and cold gas clouds .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed description of a thermal expansion experiment .  ⁇ n a wire is pulled taut between two fixed anchors and a hanging mass is attached to its midpoint .  ⁇ n as the wire is heated , it expands , causing the hanging mass to drop lower to the ground .  ⁇ n by measuring the change in height of the hanging mass , one can determine the change in length of the wire and hence its coefficient of thermal expansion .  ⁇ n we analyze two important sources of uncertainty that affect this experiment but have been ignored by previous studies : the mass and elasticity of the wire .  ⁇ n to account for their contributions to the height of the load , we explore different models of the wire , including an idealized model which assumes a stiff , massless wire and a more realistic one which treats the wire as both massive and elastic .  ⁇ n we describe how the wire s mass and elasticity affect measurement of the thermal expansion coefficient and determine the conditions under which their effects are negligible .  ⁇ n we describe how the wire s mass and elasticity affect measurement of the thermal expansion coefficient
b' we develop a quantum walk approach to study the dynamics of energy transfer in multichromophoric arrays of photosynthetic complexes .  ⁇ n the quantum walk approach is based on a quantum trajectory picture in the born - markov and secular approximations , and is a natural framework for incorporating quantum dynamical effects in energy transfer , as opposed to a classical random walk picture that can effectively describe the excitation hopping in the frster model .  ⁇ 
b' the type ia sn 1998bu was discovered in a spiral arm of ngc 3368 .  ⁇ n it was spectroscopically normal before and around maximum , but it was not declining with the expected rate .  ⁇ n this , combined with the change in the spectral appearance gave the first evidence of the emergence of a light echo in sn 1998bu .  ⁇ 
b' we present the first measurements of the oscillation frequency of a metal - poor subgiant .  ⁇ 
b' the flow around a flapping foil immersed in a stream is studied numerically .  ⁇ n the foil is forced to rotate around the centre of the semicircle , and the imposed pressure and a uniform and horizontal velocity field are imposed far from the foil .  ⁇ n the flapping motion is a result of the hydrodynamic forces acting on the foil .  ⁇ n the wake of the foil is studied and compared for moderate reynolds numbers , where inertia and viscous forces are important . '
b' we study the quark - gluon vertex in the landau gauge .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the properties of non - gaussian groups , a class of galaxies that are not in dynamical equilibrium .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a new dynamics of specificity evolutions based on jerne s network hypothesis .  ⁇ n our model is characterized by a meta - dynamics of idiotype specificity on shape - space .  ⁇ n we show that specific and non - specific responses to an antigen are governed dynamically by a fixed point attractor and a chaotic long - lived transient state of an immune network , respectively .  ⁇ n the relevance of such a long - lived transient state is discussed with respect to immune function . '
b' we present a study of the spectral properties of the soft x - ray transient sxt sxt sxt sxt sxt sxt sxt sxt sxt sxt sxt sxt sxt sxt sxt sxt sxt sxt sxt sxt sxt sxt sxt sxt sxt sxt sxt sxt sxt sxt sxt sxt sxt sxt sxt sxt sxt sxt sxt sxt sxt sxt sxt sxt sxt sxt sxt sxt sxt sxt sxt sxt sxt sxt sxt sxt sxt 
b' we present four - dimensional gauge theories that describe physics on 5d curved geometries .  ⁇ n taking generic values of gauge couplings and gauge - symmetry - breaking vacuum expectation values , the models provide vector , spinor , and scalar fields on curved extra dimensions .  ⁇ n we focus on the  ⁇  localization '' behaviors of mass eigenstates in  ⁇  index spaces '' of gauge groups .  ⁇ n it is shown that the localization profiles and the exponentially suppressed massive spectrum are certainly reproduced .  ⁇ n in addition , our formulation gives a localization mechanism even for massless vector fields . as a phenomenological application ,  ⁇ n hierarchical yukawa matrices are derived in our approach ; that is a hierarchy without symmetries in four dimensions .  ⁇ n the localization behavior depends on the required conditions for gauge - symmetry - breaking vacuum expectation values and gauge and other couplings .  ⁇ n if these values are determined in the
b' we study the bak sneppen model , a model of biological systems evolving according to the darwinian principles of random mutation and natural selection .  ⁇ n we show that the steady - state fitness distribution at a fixed site converges , in the limit of large populations , to a uniform distribution on the interval @xmath0 $ ] , where @xmath1 is approximately equal to 0.667 .  ⁇ 
b' we study the cosmic gamma - ray background ( cgb ) from the milky way , using a milky - way spectrum compatible with no gev excess .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a detailed study of the relativistic jets in the be x - ray binary ls i + 61 303 .  ⁇ 
b' we test and compare three promising filtering techniques : discrete wavelets , continuous wavelets , and fourier methods .  ⁇ n these are applied to mock sunyaev zeldovich ( sze ) maps , and results for the different strategies and filters are computed .  ⁇ 
b' the eigenfunctions of the selfadjoint operator in massive gravity are calculated .  ⁇ n the kernel of the selfadjoint operator consists of 6 modes .  ⁇ n two modes agree exactly with the two transverse graviton states of the massless theory .  ⁇ 
b' the presence of extraplanar dust in the thick disks of spiral galaxies is a potentially - important probe of the processes that transport matter from massive stars to the gas in galaxies .  ⁇ n however , the physical interpretation of the observed extraplanar dust and its implications for the nature of the interstellar thick disks of spiral galaxies is still a mystery .  ⁇ 
b' weighted centroid localization ( wcl ) is a low complexity , coarse - grained localization technique that approximates the weighted average of all secondary user positions within its transmission range .  ⁇ n wcl is not an entirely range - free technique because it requires only simple connectivity information , namely received signal strength ( rss ) measurements .  ⁇ n we present the first theoretical analysis of the probability distribution of the localization error for even the simplest version of wcl in the presence of shadowing .  ⁇ n the presented analytical framework models varying levels of shadowing , including both independent and correlated shadowing environments , and also takes inaccuracy of sensor node positioning into consideration .  ⁇ n using this analysis in conjunction with numerical simulations we observe and quantify the robustness of wcl to variable channel conditions and node placements .  ⁇ n we also investigate variable node participation as a simple modification that can improve wcl performance .  ⁇ n we also propose and investigate a distributed cluster - based implementation of wc
b' we propose a web - service architecture that enables the server hosting the website to present content that is based on the query posed by the user .  ⁇ n the retrieval system presents the search results to the user .  ⁇ n out of them , the users select one and is taken to the destination website .  ⁇ n the retrieval system then presents the search results to the user .  ⁇ n the host server uses this information to present the content such that the user might have a better search experience .  ⁇ n the retrieval system will now use this feedback to give better results to the user .  ⁇ n anonymization , opt - out option and customization will be the central requirements , enforced through a protocol .  ⁇ n the overall result will be better synchronization between the retrieval system and the host server for the purpose of presenting better results to the user .  ⁇ n the overall result will be better synchronization between the retrieval system and the host server for the purpose of presenting the content to the user .  ⁇ n anonymization , opt - out option and customization will be the
b' we present the results of a search for astrophysical objects in the sloan digital sky survey ( sdss ) and the first survey .  ⁇ n we find @xmath0300 million stars , @xmath1 million galaxies , and @xmath2 million quasar candidates .  ⁇ 
b' we have derived a modified tolman - oppenheimer - volkoff equation for pressure , which is the prime structure equation for compact stars .  ⁇ n we have used the standard metric for a spherically symmetric star and the consecutive use of einstein s field equation in the case of accelerating universe .  ⁇ n then we have calculated the maximum mass of neutron stars .  ⁇ n we have plotted the mass - radius relation .  ⁇ n we have found that the maximum mass of neutron stars is very close to the maximum mass of ordinary stars .  ⁇ n pacs numbers : 04.20.jb , 04.20.ds , 04.20.jb '
b' we review the classification of intrinsic absorption lines in agn environments , and discuss the relationship between classes , the relationship between classes , and the implications of partial coverage of the background light source(s ) .  ⁇ n we also discuss the implications of partial coverage of the background light source(s ) . '
b' we present a study of the star formation history of a sample of @xmath030 early - type galaxies .  ⁇ n we use the galaxy evolution explorer ( galex ) to study the near - ultraviolet ( nuv ) properties of these galaxies .  ⁇ n we find that the nuv - nuv correlation is well correlated with the fir - radio correlation .  ⁇ 
b' we consider joint optimization of nonlinear precoders and receivers in a time - division duplex network .  ⁇ n the precoders and receivers are optimized according to a sum - mean - squared - error ( mse ) criterion assuming multiple - input multiple - output ( mimo ) fading channels .  ⁇ n we first show that alternating optimization of precoders and receiver filters ( for either the uplink or downlink ) converges to a local optimum .  ⁇ n although this optimization must be applied separately for the uplink and downlink to obtain the optimal precoders and receiver filters for each direction , we observe that the filters optimized for one direction achieve near - optimal performance for the other direction as well as when the uplink and downlink power constraints and noise power are similar .  ⁇ n furthermore , we consider a simplified scheme in which the uplink ( downlink ) receive filters are also used as precoders .  ⁇ n we again show that alternating optimization of the filters at the base transce
b' we study the magnetic and superconducting properties of a class of inhomogeneous microscopic models of high-@xmath0 cuprates .  ⁇ n we show that the interplay between inhomogeneous superfluid density and phase fluctuations determines the critical temperature .  ⁇ n we also discuss the connection of the resulting inhomogeneity - induced superconductivity to recent experimental evidence for a linear relation between magnetic incommensurability and the superconducting transition temperature .  ⁇ n we also discuss the connection of the resulting inhomogeneous superconductivity to recent experimental evidence for a linear relation between magnetic incommensurability and the superconducting transition temperature .  ⁇ n we also discuss the connection of the resulting inhomogeneous superconductivity to recent experimental evidence for a linear relation between magnetic incommensurability and the superconducting transition temperature .  ⁇ n we also discuss the connection of the resulting inhomogeneous superconductivity to recent experimental evidence for a linear relation between magnetic incommensurability and the
b' in this report , we present a new approach to the study of internal space - time symmetries of relativistic particles .  ⁇ n we first introduce wigner s little groups and then use them to provide the framework for studying the internal space - time symmetries of relativistic particles .  ⁇ n we then apply this approach to the study of the internal space - time symmetries of relativistic particles .  ⁇ n we also discuss the role of the lorentz group in the study of quantum optics . '
b' we present the results of the hydrodynamic calculations of the transverse - momentum spectra and the elliptic flow coefficients of pions , kaons , and protons in relativistic heavy - ion collisions .  ⁇ n the initial conditions are obtained from the monte - carlo glauber model glissando .  ⁇ n the initial eccentricity is obtained from the monte - carlo glauber model glissando .  ⁇ n the initial energy distribution in the transverse plane is parameterized as the two - dimensional gaussian .  ⁇ n the final stage of the hydrodynamic evolution is described with the help of the monte - carlo thermal model therminator .  ⁇ n the pion transverse - momentum spectra and the elliptic flow coefficients are compared to the rhic data .  ⁇ n we observe a very good agreement between the model predictions and the data .  ⁇ n the small excess of the theoretical proton @xmath0 above the data may be attributed to the lack of r
b' we consider the quasi - linear diffusion ( qld ) of particles driven by means of the feedback of the cherenkov drift modes in the magnetospheres of active galactic nuclei ( agns ) .  ⁇ n the qld is shown to be a powerful tool to generate highly correlated radiation in two different energy bands .  ⁇ n the qld is shown to be very efficient in the agns and to provide correlated emission in different energy domains .  ⁇ n the qld is applied to agns and it is shown that the qld is very efficient in the agns .  ⁇ n the qld is shown to be a powerful tool to generate highly correlated radiation in different energy bands . '
b' we present a detailed analysis of the rest - frame optical and near - infrared light - curves of the star - forming disk galaxies at @xmath0 .  ⁇ 
b' we present a method for the numerical calculation of solutions to general hyperbolic partial differential equations over the sphere .  ⁇ n the method is based on a spectral method that combines several existing techniques in novel ways .  ⁇ 
b' we present a theoretical study of the electronic transport properties of benzenedithiol ( bdt ) sandwiched between two gold electrodes .  ⁇ n we show that the most common quantum transport scheme for calculating the current flowing across a molecule is based on the non - equilibrium green s function formalism .  ⁇ n we show that the most probable contact geometry for bdt is a ring - like geometry , whereas the most probable contact geometry for bdmt is a ring - like geometry .  ⁇ n we also show that the asic calculated @xmath0-@xmath1 curves are rather stable with respect to geometry changes .  ⁇ n this explains the relatively narrow distribution of conductance histograms found in experiments . '
b' we study the quantum dynamics of photosynthesis , i.e. the quantum dynamics of radical - ion pairs .  ⁇ n we show that radical - ion pairs exhibit intricate magnetic - field effects , i.e. singlet - triplet mixing and spin - dependent recombination .  ⁇ 
b' the calice collaboration has constructed and commissioned high - granular electromagnetic and hadronic calorimeter prototypes that have been successfully operated in test beam experiments at desy , cern and fermilab since 2006 till 2011 .  ⁇ n the unprecedented granularity of the calice calorimeter prototypes allows to analyze hadronic shower structure with high spatial resolution and test particle flow algorithms using test beam data sets .  ⁇ n the hadronic energy resolution of the calice analogue scintillator - steel hadronic calorimeter was studied using test beam data .  ⁇ n the results of the hadronic energy resolution of the calice analogue scintillator - steel hadronic calorimeter were compared with the results of the pion energy resolution .  ⁇ n the results of the pion energy resolution study using test beam data are presented .  ⁇ n a brief description of developed software compensation techniques as well as the results of their successful application to improve a single particle energy resolution for pions is presented .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new argument , quite separate from rotation curve fitting , to bear on the question of the dark matter content of disk galaxies .  ⁇ n we use the dimensionless ratio of the rate of rotation of a bar to characterize the rate of dynamical friction between the bar and the halo .  ⁇ n we find that the rate of dynamical friction is not much larger than that of the halo , and that the rate of dynamical friction is not much larger than that of the halo .  ⁇ n we also find that the rate of dynamical friction is not much larger for the bars that form in most @x
b' we study the collective modes of a trapped boson - fermion mixture with attractive interactions using the equations of generalized hydrodynamics .  ⁇ n we find that the frequencies of the lowest ten low - lying modes exhibit a blue shift which can become quite large at large numbers of bosons , while some other modes display a softening which becomes pronounced in a very narrow window in the proximity to collapse .  ⁇ 
b' a preliminary analysis of the 511 kev emission from the galactic center region is presented .  ⁇ n the osse data - set is extended to include a larger fraction of the galaxy , and the mapping of the positronium continuum component ( pcont ) of the total annihilation emission .  ⁇ n the pcont flux values have a stronger dependence upon fitting the underlying continuum than do the 511 kev line flux values .  ⁇ n the pcont flux values have a stronger dependence upon fitting the underlying continuum than do the 511 kev line flux values .  ⁇ n the pcont flux values have a stronger dependence upon fitting the underlying continuum than do the 511 kev line flux values .  ⁇ n the pcont flux values have a stronger dependence upon fitting the underlying continuum than do the 511 kev line flux values .  ⁇ n the pcont flux values have a stronger dependence upon fitting the underlying continuum than do the 511 kev line flux values .
b' we investigate the solvent mediated forces between two hard walls immersed in a hard core yukawa fluid .  ⁇ n the theoretical investigation is performed in the region of the critical point , where the critical casimir effect is expected to occur .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the period - luminosity ( pl ) relation of eclipsing cepheids in the small magellanic cloud .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed analysis of the _ xmm newton _  ⁇ 
b' we discuss the spectral properties of a sample of quasars that are systematically different in eddington ratio , central black hole mass , orientation and metallicity .  ⁇ n we discuss the spectral properties of a sample of quasars that are a part of the sloan digital sky survey .  ⁇ n we discuss the spectral properties of a sample of quasars that are a part of the sloan digital sky survey .  ⁇ n we discuss the spectral properties of a sample of quasars that are a part of the sloan digital sky survey .  ⁇ n we also discuss the spectral properties of a sample of quasars that are a part of the sloan digital sky survey .  ⁇ n we discuss the spectral properties of a sample of quasars that are a part of the sloan digital sky survey .  ⁇ n we discuss the spectral properties of a sample of quasars that are a part
b' we present preliminary results from a fabry - perot study of the spiral galaxy ngc 5457 ( m101 ) .  ⁇ 
b' the nonperturbative solutions of dyson - schwinger equations with two- and four - component fermions are investigated .  ⁇ n the spectral form of the fermion propagator is used .  ⁇ n the ward - takahashi identity for the vertex function is used .  ⁇ n the set of self - consistent equations for parameters is derived .  ⁇ n the obtained equations are solved numerically or analytically .  ⁇ n the obtained results are in general agreement with other works . '
b' astrod i is a space test of relativity using optical devices ( astrod ) , a spacecraft in a solar orbit and carries out laser interferometric ranging and pulse ranging with ground stations .  ⁇ n the main scientific goals of astrod i are to test relativistic gravity and the fundamental laws of spacetime with three - order - of - magnitude improvement in sensitivity and to improve the solar , planetary and asteroid parameter determination by 1 to 3 orders of magnitude .  ⁇ n the acceleration noise goal of astrod i is 3 mm ranging accuracy ( 3 mm ranging accuracy ) and the timing uncertainty of event timer reaches 3ps in satellite laser ranging at present .  ⁇ n the acceleration disturbance goal of astrod i is to achieve the acceleration disturbance goal of 3 mm ranging accuracy ( 3 mm ranging accuracy ) .  ⁇ n a drag - free control system using capacitive sensors is employed to achieve the acceleration disturbance goal .  ⁇ n we carry out analyses mainly based on existing literature on acceleration disturbances
b' we present a william herschel telescope service time observation of the field surrounding the pulsar psr j0205 + 6449 in the supernova remnant 3c58 .  ⁇ n the pulsar has a period of 65 ms and a spin down energy of @xmath0 ergs / s / kpc .  ⁇ n the pulsar has a spectral type of m@xmath1 , a bolometric luminosity of @xmath2 ergs / s / kpc , and a bolometric luminosity of @xmath3 ergs / s / kpc .  ⁇ n the pulsar is likely to be an optical pulsar , with a bolometric luminosity of @xmath4 ergs / s / kpc .  ⁇ n the pulsar is likely to be a pulsar wind ne
b' we present a summary of recent results showing that the starburst heads and tails in local tadpoles are very similar to their higher redshift counterparts .  ⁇ n they are rotating discs , and they show a drop in the already low metallicity that can only be understood if fresh metal - poor gas is falling onto the galaxy .  ⁇ n we suggest that the starburst heads are a consequence of the accretion of an external flow of pristine gas that penetrates the dark matter halo and hits and heats a pre - existing disk .  ⁇ n we suggest that the head may result from the accretion of an external flow of pristine gas that hits and heats a pre - existing disk .  ⁇ n we also suggest that the starburst heads in the local sample are rotating discs . '
b' we study the one - way guiding structure consisting of a chain of plasmonic particles , confined by a transverse magnetization .  ⁇ n the chain is modeled by a linear chain of non - spherical particles , with a chirality @xmath0 .  ⁇ 
b' we present a solar dynamo model with random latitude and time dependent fluctuations in the poloidal field generation mechanism .  ⁇ n the model predicts a large hemispheric asymmetry in the epochs of grand minima of solar activity .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the spin relaxation of a positively charged mn atom coupled to a single mn atom in charge tunable cdte / znte quantum dots .  ⁇ n auto - correlation of the resonant photoluminescence and resonant optical pumping experiments reveal an efficient spin relaxation channel of the mn - hole system : a mn - hole flip - flop induced by the interplay of the mn - hole exchange interaction and the lattice deformation induced by acoustic phonons .  ⁇ n a model predicts mn - hole flip - flops in the nanosecond range , in agreement with the spin dynamics observed experimentally .  ⁇ n we also show that the optical @xmath0 systems are connected by inefficient forbidden spin - flips which are enhanced under a weak transverse magnetic field . '
b' we present a comparison of the mass profiles of massive clusters with the predictions of the standard @xmath0cdm cosmological model .  ⁇ 
b' we study the convergence of finite element methods for a linear parabolic equation on a moving closed surface .  ⁇ n we consider different velocity laws for coupling the surface motion with the diffusion on the surface .  ⁇ 
b' we study a system of billiard balls in spacetime with wormholes .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the behavior of the probability of finding a target state as the number of target states is increased .  ⁇ n we find that the critical damping parameter is optimized up to the tenth iteration .  ⁇ n we also examine the critical damping parameter by comparing it with the optimized one .  ⁇ n we find that the critical damping parameter is optimized up to the tenth iteration .  ⁇ n we also find that the critical damping parameter is not optimized up to the tenth iteration .  ⁇ n we also find that the critical damping parameter is optimized up to the tenth iteration . '
b' the stepwise 3-photon ionization of muonium in a non monochromatic laser field with a time  ⁇ n dependent amplitude is studied .  ⁇ n the @xmath0 transition is induced doppler free by absorbing two photons from two counter propagating pulsed laser beams .  ⁇ n the experimental setup is presently used at the rutherford appleton laboratory for determination of the @xmath1 energy separation in muonium to the @xmath2 mhz accuracy .  ⁇ n the results are compared with the available experimental data . '
b' we present the results of a new , high - resolution , spectroscopic study of the sagittarius a * ( sgr a * ) source .  ⁇ n the sgr a * source is remarkably faint in all wavebands , challenging current theories of matter accretion and radiation surrounding super - massive black holes ( smbhs ) .  ⁇ 
b' we show that the long - memory of supply and demand fluctuations , which was independently discovered by bouchaud et al .  ⁇ n ( @xcite ) and lillo and farmer ( @xcite ) , raises an apparent paradox about compatibility with market efficiency .  ⁇ 
b' we study the asymptotic behaviour of stochastic billiards in unbounded domains in the plane .  ⁇ n we consider two types of problems : ( i ) the continuous - time motion of the particle in the tube ; and ( ii ) the discrete - time embedded process obtained by observing the instances of collisions on the boundary .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a novel two - dimensional ( 2d ) weyl superconductor , which is a prototypical 2d weyl semimetal .  ⁇ n the heterostructure consisting of a half - metal with rashba spin - orbital coupling and a spin - singlet superconductor is a unique platform to realize the 2d weyl superconductor .  ⁇ n the combination of a single nondegenerate fermi surface , the transmutation between spin - singlet and spin - triplet pairing by the rashba spin - orbital coupling , and the possible existence of nodes in the order parameter of the spin - singlet pairing , make the half - metal layer of the proposed heterostructure a unique platform to realize the 2d weyl superconductor .  ⁇ n an important tunability of the system , which is the orientation of magnetization of the half - metal , is the orientation of the spontaneous magnetization of the half - metal .  ⁇ n the 2d wey
b' we present the results of a systematic study of the energy sources of infrared luminous galaxies ( irlgs ) based on the polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon ( pah ) emission feature at 7.7 @xmath0 m .  ⁇ n the pah emission features are associated only with starburst activity and not with active galactic nucleus ( agn ) activity .  ⁇ n the pah emission features at 7.7 @
b' we study the electroweak phase transition ( ewpt ) in the minimal supersymmetric standard model ( mssm ) with the light higgs boson mass less than 114.4 gev .  ⁇ n we find that the ewpt is strongly suppressed by the additional higgs bosons .  ⁇ n the ewpt is suppressed by the additional higgs bosons .  ⁇ n the ewpt is suppressed by the additional higgs bosons .  ⁇ n the ewpt is suppressed by the additional higgs bosons .  ⁇ n the ewpt is suppressed by the additional higgs bosons .  ⁇ n the ewpt is suppressed by the additional higgs bosons .  ⁇ n the ewpt is suppressed by the additional higgs bosons .  ⁇ n the ewpt is suppressed by the additional higgs bosons .  ⁇ n the ewpt is suppressed by the additional
b' i discuss the prospects for detecting the diffuse glows of neutrinos and gamma rays made by all past type - ii and type - ia supernovae , respectively .  ⁇ n i argue that while this is very challenging , the signal is always there , and the prospects are quite encouraging .  ⁇ n i also discuss the possibility of detecting the neutrino background from type - ia supernovae . '
b' we investigate the existence of soliton - like solutions for two interacting bose - einstein condensates .  ⁇ n we show that in such coupled equations regular solutions appear .  ⁇ n they describe either defect or a droplet created by two interacting bec s .  ⁇ n we show that in such coupled equations regular solutions appear .  ⁇ n we show that in the case ( a ) we have a defect supported by a constant external potential ; in ( b ) we have a droplet trapped by a constant external potential and in ( c ) we have a droplet without any support of an external potential .  ⁇ n the defect means that we have a cavity on the background of the space filled with a first kind of bec .  ⁇ n the first kind of bec has a constant energy density at infinity .  ⁇ n the cavity is filled with another bec whose energy density asymptotically is zero .  ⁇ n the cavity is filled with another bec whose energy density asymptotically is zero
b' we study the fundamental limits of compactness of static routing on massive graphs .  ⁇ n we show that if the number of nodes in the network is @xmath0 , then , for any stretch ( including shortest path routing ) , there exists a set of _  ⁇ n bounded _  ⁇ n _  ⁇ n _  ⁇ n _  ⁇ n _  ⁇ n _  ⁇ n _  ⁇ n _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
b' we investigate the effect of sampling methods on measuring several well - known network quantities such as degree distribution , average path length , betweenness centrality distribution , assortativity , and clustering coefficient .  ⁇ n we show that the sampling methods can give distinctive features with respect to such quantities .  ⁇ n we also provide appropriate criteria for choosing sampling methods to measure the quantities more accurately .  ⁇ n we also show that the sampled networks based on the traceroute sampling method may have significantly different topological properties from the original networks in some cases . '
b' we study the response of vacuum to a classical potential in the background of a cylindrical shell with a delta function .  ⁇ n the potential is renormalized by a renormalization procedure .  ⁇ n the results are compared with the results of the magnetic flux tube .  ⁇ n the results show that the casimir energy is negative in the dilute case . '
b' we define a symmetric monoidal category of processes , which we call the process category of the toy bit theory .  ⁇ n this is a sub - category of rel , whose objects are sets and morphisms are relations .  ⁇ n we show that the process category of the toy bit theory is a symmetric monoidal category , and that it is a sub - category of mspek .  ⁇ n we also show that the process category of the toy bit theory is a hilb , whose objects are hilbert spaces and whose morphisms are linear maps .  ⁇ n this is a natural operational requirement for the toy bit theory . '
b' we report the results of radial - velocity follow - up observations of two evolved stars , kepler-91 and koi-1894 , with subaru 8.2 m telescope .  ⁇ n we independently confirmed a jovian planet ( kepler-91b ) previously reported around kepler-91 and discovered a hint for the existence of additional companion in the system .  ⁇ n we also detected a possible sub - saturn - mass planet around koi-1894 with 23@xmath0 confidence level .  ⁇ n we also detected a possible sub - saturn - mass planet around koi-1894 with 23@xmath4 confidence level .  ⁇ n we also detected a possible sub - saturn - mass planet around koi-1894 with 23@xmath4 confidence level .  ⁇ n we also found a possible sub - saturn - mass planet around koi-1894 with 23@xmath4 confidence level .  ⁇ n
b' we calculate the tidal forces acting on a photon in a binary system , with two equal masses , in a circular motion .  ⁇ n we assume that the orbit of the photon is a spherical body , and that the radius of the binary orbit is large compared to the distance between the photon and the member of the binary .  ⁇ n we assume that the orbit of the photon is a spherical body , and that the radius of the binary orbit is large compared to the distance between the photon and the member of the binary .  ⁇ n we find that the tidal forces acting on the photon are a few times larger than the schwarzschild radius , and that the tidal forces are a few times larger than the schwarzschild radius .  ⁇ n we also calculate the tidal forces on the photon , and find that the tidal forces are a few times larger than the schwarzschild radius .  ⁇ n we also find that the tidal forces on
b' we report on a deep xmm - newton observation of the cataclysmic variable xgps-9 .  ⁇ n the x - ray spectrum of this source shows a strong h , he i and he ii emission along with a blue continuum .  ⁇ n the x - ray spectrum of xgp
b' in this paper , we study the doppler boosting and deboosting effects in relativistic jets .  ⁇ n we find that the doppler boosting effect is more important in the relativistic jets than the deboosting effect .  ⁇ 
b' vilenkin has recently proposed a new class of asymptotically flat singular instantons which could be relevant for inflationary cosmology .  ⁇ n he constructed a related class of asymptotically flat singular instantons which lead to the nucleation of holes in flat space .  ⁇ n i show that a careful treatment of constrained singular instantons removes vilkenkin s instability .  ⁇ 
b' we study the decoherence and relaxation of two spins which mutually interact via an ising - type coupling and are coupled to independent bosonic environments .  ⁇ n the exact solution for the reduced dynamics is derived in the white - noise regime .  ⁇ n the path sum is carried out in the white - noise domain without any further approximation , and analytic expressions for the relevant expectation values in laplace space are presented .  ⁇ n we analyze the decoherence and relaxation in the various parameter regimes ranging from low temperture and/or weak coupling to high temperature and/or strong coupling .  ⁇ n we also study the influence of a nonlinear spin - boson environment on the second spin in the various limits .  ⁇ n we demonstrate that it behaves in the weak - coupling limit as a bosonic ( linear ) bath with a resonant spectral structure . '
b' we present a systematic scheme for the exact computation of all possible current cumulants in markov dynamics satisfying local detailed balance .  ⁇ n the algorithm is based on an identity between current and activity fluctuations , connecting the time - antisymmetric with the time - symmetric fluctuation sector as is typical for a dynamical large deviation theory in nonequilibrium systems .  ⁇ n we concentrate here on the mechanical aspect of the method , how it can be seen as a modified rayleigh - schrdinger expansion with specific computable expressions of the cumulants .  ⁇ n its relevance is therefore in reliably producing also higher - order cumulants that can then be further analyzed for understanding the physics of some particular model . '
b' we present a complete set of pulsational results that can be used to perform asteroseismological studies of zz ceti stars .  ⁇ n these include the internal chemical profiles and the run of the brunt - visl and lamb frequencies , as well as a large set
b' we study the constituent profile of a neutron star in a chiral symmetric theory .  ⁇ n the theory is based on a chiral sigma model and qcd .  ⁇ n the sigma model is a colour singlet quark soliton with three valence quark bound states .  ⁇ n the quark self coupling is set by matching mass of the nucleon to its experimental value .  ⁇ n we use this to describe the strong interactions at intermediate scale .  ⁇ n we find that the sigma model is a good approximation to the apr 98 equation of state .  ⁇ n we also find that the sigma model is a good approximation to the apr 98 equation of state .  ⁇ n we also find that the sigma model is a good approximation to the apr 98 equation of state .  ⁇ n we also find that the sigma model is a good approximation to the apr 98 equation of state .  ⁇ 
b' we cross - correlate the _ wmap _ first - year data and the _ egret _ maps in wavelet space to probe the origins of residual foregrounds with characteristic scales .  ⁇ n we find that the _ wmap _ combined foreground cleaned maps contain residual foregrounds possibly induced by cosmic rays , and the _ egret _ diffuse gamma - ray intensity map is adopted as the galactic tracer .  ⁇ n the _ egret _ maps are based on more data and more complete point - source subtraction , and thus provide us with an indirect measurement of cosmic rays in various locations in the galaxy .  ⁇ n the _ wmap _ combined foreground cleaned maps and the tegmark cleaned maps are used to probe the origins of residual foregrounds with characteristic scales .  ⁇ n the _ wmap _ combined foreground cleaned maps are compared with the _ egret _ maps .  ⁇ n the 
b' we study the collective behavior of a group of coupled oscillators .  ⁇ n we consider a model where the natural frequency of each oscillator is chosen from a distribution .  ⁇ n we study the role of nonlinear frequency pulling and reactive coupling in the absence of the dissipative coupling .  ⁇ 
b' we give in this survey detailed proofs of the theory of graph - like legendrian unfoldings .  ⁇ n we also give some examples of big wave fronts .  ⁇ n we also give some examples of graph - like wave fronts . '
b' we present a study of the coma of the jupiter - family comet 17p / holmes , based on a uh 2.2-m telescope .  ⁇ 
b' we study the edge modes of bernevig , hugue
b' we have performed direct simulation monte carlo simulations of a cloud of @xmath0 atoms in a toroidal geometry , when the radio frequency ( rf ) field is ramped with time .  ⁇ n the simulations show that , at lower rf - field strength and higher frequency ( at the beginning of ramp of rf - field ) , the rf - field results in evaporative cooling of the atom cloud .  ⁇ n the simulations show that , at lower rf - field strength and higher frequency ( at the beginning of ramp of rf - field ) , the rf - field results in ejection of atoms from the trap , leading to evaporative cooling of the atom cloud .  ⁇ n the simulations results have been compared with the experimental observations . '
b' we study the evolution of entanglement in a quantum system , assuming that the system is coupled to a reservoir of particles .  ⁇ n we show that entanglement degradation is generically a generic effect , but the special case of  ⁇  motional narrowing '' noise actually leads to zero degradation .  ⁇ n we also show that a method of error protection using entangled states emerges from a variation of the above procedure . '
b' this paper is a detailed version of my preprint @xcite .  ⁇ n it is dedicated to the memory of my teacher vladimir abramovich rokhlin .  ⁇ n it is now evolving into a _ real algebraic knot theory_. this paper is dedicated to the memory of my teacher vladimir abramovich rokhlin .  ⁇ n it is now evolving into a _ real algebraic knot theory_. '
b' we propose a novel mechanism for a nanoscale atomic trap based on engineered vacuum forces .  ⁇ n we show that a weak external optical field can give rise to an overall trapping potential for a dressed state .  ⁇ n absent fundamental limits on the losses of the surrounding dielectric structure , the fraction of excited - state population in the dressed state can become infinitesimal , which greatly enhances the trapping lifetime and stability .  ⁇ n we identify and carefully analyze the actual limiting mechanisms .  ⁇ n we also discuss the generality of our protocol to realistic nano - photonic structures . '
b' we present a detailed analysis of the chemical composition of the envelopes of gw vir stars .  ⁇ n we find that the chemical composition of the envelopes of these stars is a sensitive function of the mass loss rate , the mass loss rate , and the mass loss rate .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a study of the morphology and morphology of the compact galactic bubbles ( mbs ) discovered with the _ spitzer space telescope _ , based on a sample of mbs with a completeness of 0.5 .  ⁇ n we find that the mbs are characterized by a roundish morphology , small angular dimensions and a usual lack of counterpart at other wavelengths .  ⁇ 
b' we study the quasinormal modes of the naked reissner - nordstrm naked singularity .  ⁇ n we show that the quasinormal modes of the naked singularity are characterized by a set of characteristic oscillations , the quasi - normal modes .  ⁇ n we also show that the behavior of the highly damped quasi - normal modes of the naked singularity is a consequence of the fact that the scalar field dynamics on the naked singularity is a self - adjoint extension of the symmetric operator .  ⁇ n we show that the behavior of the highly damped quasi - normal modes of the naked singularity is a consequence of the fact that the scalar field dynamics on the naked singularity is a self - adjoint extension of the symmetric operator .  ⁇ n we also show that the behavior of the highly damped quasi - normal modes of the naked singularity is a consequence of the fact that the scalar field dynamics on the naked singularity is a self - adjoint extension of the symmetric operator .  ⁇ n we also show that the behavior
b' we present a model for the atmosphere of a planet on eccentric orbits , coupled to a dynamical system .  ⁇ n the model includes the time - variable stellar irradiance impinging on the atmosphere .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new model for the inter - event time distribution in a priority queue , which is a power - law distribution with an exponent @xmath0 around 1 .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a model for the local broadcast and global broadcast of information in dynamic distributed networks .  ⁇ 
b' the aberdeen tunnel experiment in hong kong is a underground experiment to study the production of spallation neutrons by cosmic - ray muons at a vertical depth of 235 m of rock ( 611 m.w.e . ) .  ⁇ n the muon tracker and the neutron detector are described .  ⁇ n the muon tracker and the neutron detector are fabricated with a scintillator filled with gadolinium .  ⁇ n the muon tracker and the neutron detector are characterized by a hodoscope and a pmt .  ⁇ n the energy scale calibration of the neutron detector is described .  ⁇ n details of simulations and detector performance are given . '
b' we propose a model of a single - ion quantum heat engine , in which the working substance s is chosen as the working substance , while its vibrational degree of freedom plays the role of the cold bath .  ⁇ n the thermal environment acts as the hot bath , while the vibrational mode is only an ancillary system mimicking a  ⁇  cold ' bath .  ⁇ 
b' we study a model of supersymmetric surfaces that constitutes a classical limit of the ikkt matrix model obtained by sending the matrix size @xmath0 to infinity .  ⁇ n we perform monte - carlo simulations of surfaces embedded in a 4dimensional target space .  ⁇ n we find a theoretical picture that explains the numerical results for @xmath1 , and allows us to make predictions for the behaviour of the ten dimensional version of the model .  ⁇ n the results presented here give an insight into typical geometrical features of surfaces that play an important role in the ensemble generated by the ikkt matrix model .  ⁇ n we also discuss the critical point @xmath2 , which is a critical point of the ikkt matrix model .  ⁇ n we find that the critical point @xmath3 is a _  ⁇ n  ⁇ n _  ⁇ n _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
b' we study the quantum heisenberg model on the checker - board lattice .  ⁇ n we show that the ground - state degeneracy of the kagom lattice is larger than in the pyrochlore lattice .  ⁇ 
b' we introduce a fractional derivative @xmath0 , which is a convex combination of the left caputo fractional derivative of order @xmath1 and the right caputo fractional derivative of order @xmath2 .  ⁇ n this derivative is a convex combination of the left caputo fractional derivative of order @xmath1 and the right caputo fractional derivative of order @
b' we show that the observed optical and x - ray afterglow data for grb 080916c are consistent with the external shock model .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a search for a counterpart to the x - ray afterglow of the gamma - ray burst grb970228 .  ⁇ n the x - ray afterglow was observed with the hri instrument on board the _ rossi x - ray timing explorer _ ( rxte ) .  ⁇ 
b' we study the qcd transition with wilson fermions on a @
b' the proton transport in superionic crystals m@xmath0h(xo@xmath1)@xmath2 ( m = rb , cs , nh@xmath1 ) is studied by the density functional theory with the use of the linearized augmented plane wave method implemented in the wien2k package .  ⁇ n the proton transport is characterized by a dynamically disordered network of virtual hydrogen bonds dynamically establishing between the oxygens o(2 ) of nearest groups xo@xmath1 .  ⁇ n the proton transport is characterized by a dynamically disordered network of virtual hydrogen bonds dynamically establishing between the oxygens o(2 ) of nearest groups xo@xmath1 .  ⁇ n the proton transport is characterized by a complex cooperative character of proton migration which is strongly coupled with the dynamics of the ionic environment .  ⁇ n the proton transport mechanism is characterized by a dynamically disordered network of virtual hydrogen bonds dynamically establishing between the oxygens
b' we present new examples of nonminimal regular magnetic black holes in spacetimes with a cosmological constant .  ⁇ n the solutions are asymptotically de sitter , asymptotically flat , or asymptotically anti - de sitter .  ⁇ n the new features appearing with the nonminimal parameters appearing in the structure of the black holes with a regular center are certainly of interest .  ⁇ n if the dark energy is indeed a cosmological constant term and if a fundamental theory is nonminimal then our study displays the role of the dark energy on the regularization of the internal structure of black holes . '
b' we study the asymptotic behavior of the solution matrix of a riemann - hilbert problem for a matrix - valued unknown .  ⁇ 
b' we study the fermion - pair condensation in the strong - coupling region of the quark matter .  ⁇ n the fermion - pair condensates are described by the bosonic degrees of freedom , which we call  ⁇  diquark  ⁇ ' ⁇ ' .  ⁇ n the fermion - pair condensates are in chemical equilibrium states between the isolated fermions and the bosonic difermions , which are identified with the in - medium resonant / bound states of two fermions .  ⁇ n the transition temperature is obtained from the zero - frequency pole of the two - particle correlation function .  ⁇ n the transition temperature is obtained from the zero - frequency pole of the two - particle correlation function .  ⁇ n the transition temperature is obtained from the zero - frequency pole of the two - particle correlation function .  ⁇ n the transition temperature is obtained from the zero - frequency pole of the two - particle correlation function .  ⁇ n the transition temperature is obtained from the zero - frequency pole of the two - particle correlation function .  ⁇ 
b' we study the dynamics of a bacterium , e. coli , in a liquid environment .  ⁇ 
b' we show that partially hyperbolic diffeomorphisms on the 3-torus with hyperbolic physical measures with intermingled basins are not robust .  ⁇ n we also show that the intermingled basins phenomenon is not robust among the maps preserving the boundary . '
b' we present the first detection of a companion star in a persistent low mass x - ray binary ( lmxb ) .  ⁇ 
b' i review the status of the experimental status of the field of soft processes in high energy physics .  ⁇ n the topics are : multiparticle production in , diffractive physics at hera and the transition from soft to hard scattering in @xmath0 collisions .  ⁇ n i discuss the status of the experimental results , which have been reported at the conference . '
b' we derive the necessary and sufficient conditions for the type - ii seesaw model to be stable up to some given scale .  ⁇ n we apply these conditions to explore the region in parameter space where the potential is stable up to some given scale .  ⁇ n we find that the conditions are not sufficient to ensure that the potential is stable up to some given scale . '
b' we study the mechanical properties of spherical lipid bilayers under the osmotic pressure .  ⁇ n we find that the spherical lipid bilayers are , indeed , much softer than solid shells .  ⁇ 
b' we study the anomalous vertices of the @xmath0 , @xmath1 , and @xmath2 processes at the next generation of linear @xmath0 colliders .  ⁇ n we consider the simplest model with a new heavy scalar singlet , that couples strongly with the higgs sector of the standard model , and the quartic anomalous vertices of the @xmath3 , @xmath4 , or @xmath5 and @xmath6 or @xmath7 vertices .  ⁇ n we find that the quartic anomalous vertices are mainly determined by the scalar singlet , and that the quartic anomalous vertices are mainly determined by the scalar singlet .  ⁇ n we also find that the quartic anomalous vertices of the @xmath8 and @xmath9 models are mainly determined by the scalar singlet , and that the quartic anomalous vertice
b' we propose hybrid structures that host a quantum spin hall state in the absence of a magnetic field .  ⁇ n we employ density functional theory to study the following systems : ( a ) graphene on ws@xmath0 or wse@xmath0 and ( b ) graphene sandwiched between two ws@xmath0 or wse@xmath0 layers .  ⁇ n our results prevail that the intrinsic spin - orbit coupling in graphene can be enhanced such that a reasonable energy gap is achieved at the k / k@xmath3 points with large band splitting .  ⁇ n quantum spin hall states are demonstrated for the sandwich systems . '
b' we study optical absorption in suspended graphene .  ⁇ n we show that the absorption is dominated by charged impurity scattering .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the effect of tidal streams on the directional detection of weakly interacting massive particles ( wimps ) .  ⁇ n we consider the effect of a tidal stream on the directional detection of a wimp .  ⁇ 
b' we present a 2d/3d extinction study of the local bubble ( lb ) .  ⁇ n we use the hipparcos catalogue to identify the lb rim .  ⁇ n we use the @xmath0 @xmath1 @xmath2 @xmath3 diagram to distinguish between the dwarfs and giants .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a search for nova shells in the virgo cluster .  ⁇ 
b' we present spectroscopic and photometric observations of eight early - type galaxies in the luminous x - ray cluster 054 at @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the fundamental plane of the galaxies is derived , and the evolution of the mass - to - light ( @xmath1 ) ratio is established out to @xmath0 , when the universe was 50% of its present age ( @xmath2 ) .  ⁇ n the fundamental plane is derived , and the evolution of the @xmath1 ratio is established out to @
b' the _ gravitational _ wave ( gw ) problem is a general problem , whose solution is _ general relativity _ , i.e. , the existence of gravitational waves ( gw ) .  ⁇ n the _ gravitational _ wave ( gw ) problem is a _  ⁇ n _ astrophysical _  ⁇ n , a _  ⁇ n metric _ , i.e. , a _ metric _ , i.e. , a _ metric _ , i.e. , a _ metric _ , i.e. , a _ metric _ , i.e. , a _ metric _ , i.e. , a _ metric _ , i.e. , a _ metric _ , i.e. , a _ metric _ , i.e
b' isolated photons at large @xmath0 provide one of the cleanest and most accurate tests of perturbative qcd .  ⁇ n they also provide indispensable calibration of the recoiling jets .  ⁇ n isolated photons also provide an indispensable calibration of the recoiling jets .  ⁇ n the measurement of isolated photons at large @xmath0 provides a clean and precise test of perturbative qcd and sensitivity to new physics .  ⁇ n the measurement of the inclusive jet cross section provides a clean and simple probe of radiation effects .  ⁇ n the results of the inclusive jet cross section and the jet cross section are presented . '
b' we construct new analytic three - integral distribution functions that can represent stellar discs .  ⁇ n these distribution functions are constructed by using a stckel potential .  ⁇ n we show that these distribution functions can be used as basis functions in the two - integral approximation .  ⁇ n we also show that these distribution functions can be used to model the kinematics of neighbouring stars in a realistic disc - like model . '
b' we present a geometric approach to the calculation of the geometric pumping field @xmath0 .  ⁇ n our approach is based on the salient observation that @xmath0 is in fact the vector of linear response coefficients in the adiabatic expansion of the current .  ⁇ n this result was never exploited before in the context of dissipative quantum pumping .  ⁇ n it brings about two main advantages : ( i ) when applied to an open quantum system , it leads to an exact expression of @xmath0 in terms of equilibrium quantum correlation functions , which are calculated at frozen driving parameters .  ⁇ n ( ii ) since @xmath0 characterizes the geometric pumping fully , once one knows it , calculating the charge pumped along any cycle is as simple as doing a line integral .  ⁇ n ( iii ) since @xmath0 characterizes the geometric pumping fully , once one knows it , calculating the charge pumped along any cycle is as simple as doing a line integral .  ⁇ n ( 
b' the phenix muon arms at rhic are a key tool to track and identify muons .  ⁇ n the muon arms are placed at the forward rapidity regions .  ⁇ n the muon detection position resolution is 60@xmath0 m at each station .  ⁇ n the absolute positions of the muon tracking chambers are surveyed with respect to a phenix hall monument system .  ⁇ n the absolute positions of the chambers are measured with a 25@xmath0 m accuracy .  ⁇ n the oasys is a straightness monitor consisting of a fiber optic divergent light source at station 1 , a convex lens at station 2 , and a ccd camera at station three .  ⁇ n the absolute positions of the chambers are measured with a 25@xmath0 m accuracy .  ⁇ n the absolute positions of the chambers are calibrated with respect to a phenix hall monument system .  ⁇ n the absolute positions of the chambers are measured with a 25@xmath0 
b' the @xmath0 bootis stars are peculiar populationi stars which show a peculiar surface abundance pattern .  ⁇ n they differ from the rest of the peculiar a - type stars where the abundance pattern is caused by separation processes in the stellar atmosphere itself .  ⁇ 
b' the method of brackets is presented .  ⁇ n it is a very powerful tool for the evaluation of definite integrals .  ⁇ n it is quite simple to work with : the evaluation of a definite integral is reduced to solving a linear system of equations .  ⁇ 
b' we study the intrinsic decoherence of an interacting quantum system in the presence of disorder .  ⁇ n we define a new quantity , the intrinsic decoherence time , by thresholding the decay of the disorder - averaged return probability after a certain rescaling .  ⁇ n this quantity captures the timescale over which the system loses track of the initial state information under its own dynamics .  ⁇ n we study this new quantity in four different models for both spins and interacting fermions .  ⁇ n we find that the intrinsic decoherence time increases monotonically as the disorder strength increases , and it only displays rather moderate dependence on system size with a reasonable scaling behavior .  ⁇ n we also compute similar timescales extracted from local observables such as magnetization and density imbalance .  ⁇ n we find that these timescales also exhibit similar monotonic dependence on disorder , giving confidence in the belief that the intrinsic decoherence time is an experimentally accessible physical property characterizing the relaxation dynamics of disordered interacting many - body systems . '
b' we present _ rossi x - ray timing explorer _ observations of the @
b' we study a system of overdamped brownian particles in a flashing ratchet potential that can be switched on or off depending on the position of particles .  ⁇ n we study in detail a protocol that maximizes the instantaneous velocity of the center of mass of the ensemble .  ⁇ n that protocol is optimal for one particle and performs better than any periodic ( open - loop ) flashing for ensembles of moderate sizes , but is defeated by random or periodic switching for large ensembles .  ⁇ n furthermore , it can be shown that particle current vanishes as @xmath0 , even though the state of the potential is chosen so that the center of mass velocity is maximal at every instant .  ⁇ n nevertheless , this new protocol beats the original one for a sufficiently large number of particles .  ⁇ n in contrast , maximization of the instant velocity protocol is a  ⁇  greedy '' strategy and will therefore never switch the potential off if particles are still moving forward or switch it on if this means an initial backward movement .  ⁇ n in some sense ,
b' we present theoretical foundations of optomechanics in superfluid he .  ⁇ n we derive the basic semiclassical equations for the optomechanical interactions in superfluid he .  ⁇ n we present a quantized description of the optomechanical interactions in terms of the canonical variables .  ⁇ n we present estimates for the strength of the optomechanical interactions .  ⁇ n we also discuss the single step two - phonon antistokes process due to acoustic nonlinearity .  ⁇ n we also discuss two - step two - phonon processes .  ⁇ n we show that the combination of the superfluid nonlinearity and the optomechanical interactions leads to new possibilities .  ⁇ n we also discuss two - step two - phonon processes . '
b' we review the quantum mechanical description of trapped ions , and discuss the fidelity of quantum logic operations .  ⁇ n we also discuss the possibility of relaxing the condition of being in the quantum ground state of the phonon modes . ' mississauga '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '
b' we present a new method to determine the hubble constant @xmath0 using sunyaev - zeldovich effect ( sz ) effect .  ⁇ n the method is based on the sz effect , which is a decrement in the brightness temperature due to the sunyaev - zeldovich effect .  ⁇ 
b' in this paper , we extend our previously proposed 2-d finite - difference time domain ( fdtd ) method to the 3-d case and develop a parallel dispersive fdtd method to model 3-d cloaking structures .  ⁇ n the fdtd method is based on the full - wave mie scattering model , and the fdtd method is based on the full - wave transmission line method .  ⁇ 
b' we have developed a novel fabrication process for lateral spin valves with channel lengths less than @xmath0 and contamination free interfaces .  ⁇ n the process is based on optical lithography , lift - off , and shadow evaporation under different angles .  ⁇ n the resulting gap is smaller than @xmath0 for the organic semiconductor and a sizeable difference in coercive field for the contacts .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new analysis of sulfur mass loss in o4 o 6 stars .  ⁇ 
b' we study the polarization function of hg(cd)te quantum wells in the static and dynamic limit , using random phase approximation .  ⁇ n we find a novel interband plasmon , which is absent in both separate limits .  ⁇ n we also find a coexistence between this novel plasmon and an ordinary ( intraband ) plasmon .  ⁇ n the two plasmons are characterized by a distinctive behavior .  ⁇ n they merge one into the other in a normal insulating phase while they remain clearly resolved when the system realizes a topological insulator . '
b' we present a galactic chemical evolution model , based on massive star yields and low and intermediate star yields , with a certain proportion of primary nitrogen , dependent on metallicity .  ⁇ n the model reproduces most of the galactic data , namely the halo , the disk and the metal - poor galaxies .  ⁇ 
b' we study the radial regge trajectories of light - light and heavy - light mesons in the framework of the dominantly orbital state model .  ⁇ n we consider the presence of quarks with finite masses and the introduction of a coulomb - like interaction and constant potential in addition to the confinement .  ⁇ n we show that the ratio of radial to orbital energies is strongly dependent on the mixture .  ⁇ n the results are compared with experimental data . '
b' the wrapping probability @xmath0 in the two - dimensional problem of continuum percolation on a klein bottle is calculated by the numerical monte carlo simulation .  ⁇ n it is shown that the percolation thresholds and scaling exponents for the torus and klein bottle coincide with each other , whereas the quantities @xmath0 are significantly different .  ⁇ n the last circumstance can be due to the degeneracy of the percolation cluster on one or both surfaces . '
b' we calculate the flux of gamma rays from the coma and virgo clusters in the assumption of equipartition of cosmic rays ( crs ) with the thermal energy in the cluster , for two different models of cr injection in the intracluster medium ( icm ) , and for different injection spectra .  ⁇ n we find that in some cases the gamma ray flux is in excess of the egret limit .  ⁇ n moreover , we find that for injection cr spectra flatter than @xmath0 some currently operating experiments like stacee , hegra and whipple could detect the gamma ray signal from coma and virgo in the tev range , provided the crs are in equipartition .  ⁇ n we also find that for injection cr spectra flatter than @xmath0 some currently operating experiments like stacee , hegra and whipple could detect the gamma ray signal from coma and virgo in the tev range , provided the cr
b' we present a _ chandra _ acis - s observation of the 5.57 hr low - mass x - ray binary .  ⁇ 
b' in this paper , we consider a family of fixed - point algorithms for the numerical approximation of nonlinear systems of the form @xmath0 .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a _  ⁇ n chandra _ observation of the x ray binary pulsar .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a scheme to demonstrate the non - locality of very - high - dimensional two - photon orbital angular momentum states , by using only two detectors .  ⁇ n the scheme is designed to realize dichotomic observables .  ⁇ n the scheme is first designed to project the infinite - dimensional two - photon state onto several different four - dimensional subspaces , and then to apply the clauser - horne inequality to each selected state .  ⁇ n we stress that the scheme is designed to realize dichotomic observables .  ⁇ n we also stress that the scheme is designed to realize dichotomic observables . '
b' we propose a scheme to control decoherence in quantum optics based on the injection of an appropriately prepared atom in an optical cavity .  ⁇ n the scheme is based on the application of a feedback loop , which supplies the cavity mode with another photon , through the injection of an appropriately prepared atom .  ⁇ n the feedback scheme is based on the quantum trajectory picture of a decaying cavity field , in which time evolution is driven by the non - unitary evolution operator @xmath0 interrupted at random times by an instantaneous jump describing the loss of a photon .  ⁇ n the proposed scheme is able to reduce the destructive effects of dissipation on the quantum state of the cavity mode .  ⁇ n we show that the proposed feedback scheme can be used to slow down the decoherence of a schrdinger cat state in an optical cavity . '
b' we study the polarization correlations between the recombination and the subsequent decay photons in the radiative recombination of bare high@xmath0 ions .  ⁇ n we show that the polarization of the emitted photons is correlated with the recombination photons , whereas the recombination photons are correlated with the decay photons .  ⁇ 
b' the effects of substitutional impurities with small concentration on the density of states and the conductivity of a two dimensional square lattice are studied .  ⁇ n the effects of commensurability on the density of states and the conductivity for the 3d simple cubic lattice are also considered .  ⁇ n bragg reflections of the electronic wave on the brillouin zone boundary in the process of a weak localization correction to the density of states are studied .  ⁇ n the effects of commensurability on the density of states and the conductivity of a 2d square lattice are also considered .  ⁇ n the effects of commensurability on the density of states and the conductivity of a 3d simple cubic lattice are also considered . '
b' we present observations of a microflare of goes b - class in active region noaa 12146 .  ⁇ n the spectra of the h@xmath0 and 8542 lines were obtained with the fast imaging solar spectrograph ( fiss ) and the near infrared imaging spectropolarimeter ( niris ) installed at the 1.6 meter new solar telescope of big bear solar observatory .  ⁇ n the spectra show bidirectional outflows with large velocities in the chromosphere .  ⁇ n the outflows are seen in the h@xmath1 and 8542 lines , respectively .  ⁇ n the outflows are mainly located in the lower atmosphere , which is locally heated to a high temperature comparable with that of the upper chromosphere or transition region .  ⁇ 
b' i show that a model of financial contagion is equivalent to the widely - used threshold model of global cascades proposed by watts ( 2002 ) .  ⁇ n the influence of a bank failure is then examined by sequentially undermining the interbank assets of the lenders .  ⁇ n second - round defaults occur if the number of defaulted borrowers among total borrowers exceeds a certain threshold .  ⁇ n this mechanism is closely related to that of the watts model of cascades .  ⁇ n i show that there is no need to construct bank balance sheets as long as the  ⁇  shadow '' threshold of default is appropriately defined in accordance with the volatility of assets .  ⁇ n i also show that there is no need to construct bank balance sheets as long as the  ⁇  shadow '' threshold of default is appropriately defined in accordance with the volatility of assets .  ⁇ n i also show that there is no need to construct bank balance sheets as long as the  ⁇  shadow '' threshold of default is appropriately defined in accordance with the volatility of assets .  ⁇ 
b' we describe the transit ephemeris refinement and monitoring survey ( terms ) , a project to refine the ephemeris of known radial velocity ( rv ) planets .  ⁇ n the transit window is defined as a specific time period during which a transit could occur for a specified planet .  ⁇ n the transit window will increase with time due to the uncertainties in the fit parameters , and therefore follow - up of the transit window as soon as possible after discovery is optimal .  ⁇ n the transit ephemeris of a particular planet can often be significantly improved with the addition of a handful of high - precision rv measurements at carefully optimised times .  ⁇ n we present a detailed description of the apt rv data acquired with the t10 0.8 m automated photoelectric telescope ( apt ) during a predicted transit time of hd 114762b .  ⁇ n the transit of hd 114762b was subsequently ruled out .  ⁇ n the results from terms will provide a complementary dataset to the faint
b' we present _ hubble space telescope _ images of the blue cluster at the heart of the m31 double nuclear - cluster of old stars .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the evolution of the large - scale magnetic field at the solar surface during the declining phase and activity minimum of cycle 23 .  ⁇ n we use surface flux transport simulations to study the evolution of the polar field as a result of the emergence of bipolar magnetic regions ( sunspot groups ) and the subsequent transport of magnetic flux by near - surface plasma flows ( convection , differential rotation , poleward meridional flow ) .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the onset of standing wave patterns in vertically oscillated granular layers using fully three - dimensional simulations of continuum equations to navier - stokes order as well as 3d inelastic hard - sphere molecular dynamics simulations .  ⁇ n we use a continuum model for frictionless , inelastic particles to investigate the onset of stripe patterns .  ⁇ 
b' the formation of primordial molecules such as @xmath0 , @xmath1 and @xmath2 is discussed .  ⁇ n the influence of these molecules on the formation of the first objects is discussed .  ⁇ n the influence of these molecules on the second generation of molecular formation is discussed .  ⁇ n the influence of these molecules on the formation of the first objects is discussed .  ⁇ n the possibility of observing the first molecules in the future is discussed . '
b' we study the relation between the morphology of satellite galaxies and the local environment such as the host morphology and background density .  ⁇ n we used large and homogeneous morphology samples made by both visual and automated classifications .  ⁇ n we found a tight correlation between the host and satellite morphologies .  ⁇ 
b' we study the interaction of twisted light with matter using the dipole - moment approximation .  ⁇ n we show that the dipole moment approximation is a good approximation for the polarization of the light beam .  ⁇ n we also show that the dipole moment approximation is a good approximation for the polarization of the light beam .  ⁇ n we also show that the dipole moment approximation is a good approximation for the polarization of the light beam .  ⁇ n we also show that the dipole moment approximation is a good approximation for the polarization of the light beam . '
b' we introduce a wireless tomographic imaging ( rti ) system composed of a network of autonomously rotating rf sensors .  ⁇ n each servo - node is equipped with a servo motor and is capable of performing small - scale , _  ⁇ n i.e. _ , on the order of a wavelength , adjustments of the position of the rf sensor .  ⁇ n we suggest and justify a simple network - wide quality metric which is based solely on link channel measurements when no person is in the area , and thus does not require the deployer to conduct any known - path experiment .  ⁇ n together , the quality metric and the servo - nodes allow each sensor to quickly , _  ⁇ n i.e. _ , within seconds ,  ⁇  dial it in , _  ⁇ n i.e. _ , rotate to optimize its own position .  ⁇ n we show via three deployments that this procedure , which we refer to as calibration , reduces local
b' we investigate the evolution of planetary - mass objects that formed at large radii , and we determine the orbital properties of these objects .  ⁇ n we use a population synthesis model to estimate the mass of the planets , and we find that the mass of the planets is @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we also find that the mass of the planets is @xmath1 .  ⁇ 
b' we estimate the broadband afterglow emission to be expected from short and long gamma ray bursts ( grbs ) .  ⁇ n we use observational data and theoretical ideas to estimate the relative magnitudes of the parameters of short and long grbs .  ⁇ 
b' compton polarimeters are a promising way to measure the polarisation of electron beams at the international linear collider ( ilc ) .  ⁇ n the polarisation measurement is based on compton counters , where cherenkov counters detect the backscattered electrons .  ⁇ n the polarisation measurement is realised via compton polarimeters , where cherenkov counters detect the backscattered electrons .  ⁇ n the polarisation measurement is realised via compton polarimeters , where cherenkov counters detect the backscattered electrons .  ⁇ n the polarisation measurement is realised via compton polarimeters , where cherenkov counters detect the backscattered electrons .  ⁇ n the polarisation measurement will be realised via compton polarimeters , where cherenkov counters detect the backscattered electrons .  ⁇ n the polarisation measurement will be realised via compton polarimeters , where cher
b' we present a eliashberg theory for the electron phonon interaction in strongly correlated systems .  ⁇ n the eliashberg theory is based on a hamiltonian approach , but it does not contain the electron phonon interaction explicitely .  ⁇ n we show that the eliashberg theory can be applied to a model hamiltonian containing phonons .  ⁇ 
b' we study the particle production mechanism in the world - volume of a probe @xmath0 brane .  ⁇ n we show that the particle production mechanism may occur in a regime of parametric resonance similar to the one behind the phenomenon of preheating after inflation , leading to an exponential growth of the particle number in the probe s world - volume .  ⁇ n we also analyze the effects of hubble expansion on the orbital parameters of the system and how it modifies the parametric resonance regime .  ⁇ n we also analyze the effects of transverse space compactification on the probe s motion and the associated production of angular momentum .  ⁇ n finally , we explore some of the cosmological applications of the resonant particle production mechanism , including stable states or brane - world models . '
b' i point out that the cross - generation or off - diagonal neutrino - higgs interaction may serve as the detailed mechanism of neutrino oscillations , with some vacuum expectation value of the new higgs field(s ) .  ⁇ n if the new higgs field is a point - like dirac particle , then neutrino oscillations are fundamental and deep , certainly deeper than oscillations in other composite systems .  ⁇ n if the new higgs field is a point - like dirac particle , then neutrino oscillations are fundamental and deep .  ⁇ n if the new higgs field is a point - like dirac particle , then neutrino oscillations are fundamental and deep .  ⁇ n if the new higgs field is a point - like dirac particle , then neutrino oscillations are fundamental and deep .  ⁇ n if the new higgs field is a point - like dirac particle , then neutrino oscillations are fundamental and deep .  ⁇ 
b' we consider the problem of reconstruction of refractive indices or dielectric constants of unknown targets placed in a homogeneous domain from blind backscattered experimental data .  ⁇ n we combine the approximately globally convergent method of @xcite with a finite element method for the numerical solution of this hyperbolic coefficient inverse problem .  ⁇ n we estimate the sizes of the targets and the refractive indices .  ⁇ n we also estimate their sizes .  ⁇ n we believe that these results can be used as initial guesses for locally convergent methods in order to obtain better shapes . '
b' we present a new mhd code for calculating the propagation of magnetoacoustic waves in sunspots .  ⁇ 
b' we give sufficient conditions to assure that the group of isometries and the group of measure - preserving isometries are lie groups .  ⁇ n we also give sufficient conditions for the group of isometries to be compact .  ⁇ n we prove that the group of isometries and the group of measure - preserving isometries are lie groups with respect to the compact - open topology .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new approach to the numerical solution of boundary value problems ( bvps ) on infinite intervals .  ⁇ 
b' we present first - principles calculations of the silicon self - interstitial atom @
b' we propose a new tripartite ces @xmath0 , which is the generalization of the old tripartite ces @xmath1 .  ⁇ n it is found that it can play as the continuous base in hilbert space of square - integrated property , after checking its completeness and orthogonality .  ⁇ n the protocol for generating the tripartite ces is proposed .  ⁇ n the application of @xmath0 in quantum optics is briefly discussed . '
b' in this paper , we have investigated a bianchi type v string cosmological model in presence and absence of a source free .  ⁇ n the bianchi type v string cosmological model is obtained by using the general solution of einstein s field equations .  ⁇ 
b' we study the synchronization process of globally coupled phase oscillators with a time delay and subject to the ornstein - uhlenbeck colored noise .  ⁇ n we show that the effect of the time delay on the onset of synchronization is qualitatively different from the case of white noise .  ⁇ n we also investigate the effect of the time delay on the onset of synchronization for different noise strengths for both ou and non - gaussian noises .  ⁇ n we also demonstrate that the critical coupling grows nonlinearly with the increase of the time delay that is due to the additional de - phasing caused by the time delay .  ⁇ n we also investigate how the transition from the gaussian to a non - gaussian noise changes the dynamical properties of the system .  ⁇ n pacs numbers : 05.45.-a , 05.45.-a , 05.45.-a '
b' we study the entanglement generation in a dynamical gravitational collapse of a bosonic and a fermionic field .  ⁇ n we show that the initial vacuum state in the asymptotic past does not have any physical quantum entanglement , and that it evolves to a state that is physically entangled as a consequence of the creation of the event horizon .  ⁇ n this entanglement depends on the mass of the black hole and the frequency of the field modes .  ⁇ n we also show that fermionic modes are more suitable for encoding entanglement information than bosons .  ⁇ n finally , we argue that the entanglement between the infalling and the hawking radiation modes neither existed as a quantum information resource nor could have been acknowledged by any observer before the collapse occurs , namely in the asymptotic past . '
b' we study a diffusion - limited coalescence process in one dimension , which yields itself to exact analysis .  ⁇ n we show that a solution is possible even in the presence of background drift , and in the presence of a trap ; when in the long - time asymptotic limit the stationary state of the system is a _ non - equilibrium _ state .  ⁇ n the drift field controls an interesting phase transition in the steady state of the system : the size of the depletion zone next to the trap increases as a function of the drift away from the trap .  ⁇ n beyond a certain critical drift strength , the only possible stationary state is the vacuum ( an empty lattice , with no particles ) .  ⁇ n we suggest that this is due to a shielding effect : the particle closest to the trap shields the rest of the particles from the effect of the trap .  ⁇ n the trap and the drift influence only the distance between the trap and the nearest particle to the trap all other particles remain unaffected .  ⁇ n the trap and the drift influence only the distance
b' we propose a novel approach for analyzing generalized synchronization ( gs ) based on _ kernel canonical correlation analysis _ ( kernel cca ) .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new method for calculating the skewness of the cosmic shear field , based on the non - linear evolution of the cosmic density field .  ⁇ n the method is based on the skewness of the projected density field , which is a sensitive measure of the density factor .  ⁇ 
b' we present the first , to the best of our knowledge , realisation of a slow - roll cosmological inflation mechanism in a classically scale - invariant bsm theory .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new approach to the study of jet quenching in ultra - relativistic heavy - ion collisions .  ⁇ 
b' the influence of the centrifugal barrier effects to partial wave analysis is studied .  ⁇ n it is shown that the shape and the partial decay width of a resonance are affected by the centrifugal barrier effects .  ⁇ n a method is proposed to measure the interaction radius in a partial wave analysis . '
b' in this paper , we present a new algorithm for detecting communities in complex networks .  ⁇ n the algorithm is based on the spectral analysis method .  ⁇ 
b' we study the random walks of cytoskeletal motors on a lattice .  ⁇ n the motors perform biased random walks and unbind from the filaments .  ⁇ n we present new analytical results for the random walks on a lattice without confining walls .  ⁇ n compartments with confining walls which are experimentally accessible are studied .  ⁇ n we present new results from a continuum description of the random walks . '
b' we present photometric results for 268 rr lyraes and 8 anomalous cepheids in the draco dwarf spheroidal galaxy .  ⁇ n the rr lyraes are classified as oosterhoff ii globular clusters .  ⁇ n the rrab stars in oosterhoff ii globular clusters are classified as oosterhoff ii globular clusters .  ⁇ n the rrab stars in oosterhoff ii globular clusters are classified as oosterhoff ii globular clusters .  ⁇ n the rrab stars in oosterhoff ii globular clusters are classified as oosterhoff ii globular clusters .  ⁇ n the rrab stars in oosterhoff ii globular clusters are classified as oosterhoff ii globular clusters .  ⁇ n the rrab stars in oosterhoff ii glob
b' this paper is based on three lectures i gave at the conference on renormalization and galois theories , held in luminy , at the centre international de rencontres mathmatiques ( cirm ) on march 2006 .  ⁇ n the purpose of these lectures was to give an elementary overview on classical motives ( pure motives ) and to survey on some of the recent developments of this theory in noncommutative geometry , especially following the introduction of the notion of an _ endomotive_. '
b' we present @xmath0 , @xmath1 , and @xmath2 images of the galactic giant h ii region w42 obtained with the cerro tololo interamerican observatory 4 m blanco telescope .  ⁇ n the spectra are used to make a broad assessment of the stellar content of obscured star forming regions in the milky way .  ⁇ n the spectra are placed in proper context by comparison to new infrared spectral classification systems for massive stars .  ⁇ n the spectra are placed in proper context by comparison to new infrared spectral classification systems for massive stars .  ⁇ n the spectra are placed in proper context by comparison to new infrared spectral classification systems for massive stars .  ⁇ n the spectra are placed in proper context by comparison to new infrared spectral classification systems for massive stars .  ⁇ n the spectra are placed in proper context by comparison to new infrared spectral classification systems for massive stars .  ⁇ n the spec
b' we study the existence of a global foliation of a spacetime by hypersurfaces of constant mean curvature ( cmc ) .  ⁇ n we show that if the cmc hypersurface is maximal , then the cmc foliation is globally hyperbolic .  ⁇ n we also show that if the cmc hypersurface is maximal , then the cmc foliation is globally hyperbolic .  ⁇ n we also show that if the cmc hypersurface is maximal , then the cmc foliation is globally hyperbolic . '
b' we study the turnstile transport through a quantum wire confined in a magnetic field .  ⁇ n the leads are described by a parabolic lateral confinement model .  ⁇ 
b' the formation of microscopic , striped patterns in the @xmath0 reaction in polyvinyl - alcohol hydrogel is investigated .  ⁇ n the formation of the secondary , striped patterns is studied by means of computer simulations based on the cahn - hilliard equation .  ⁇ n the main characteristics of the parallel and oblique morphologies observed in the experiments have been reproduced by computer simulations .  ⁇ n the main characteristics of the parallel and oblique morphologies observed in the experiments have been reproduced by computer simulations based on the cahn - hilliard equation .  ⁇ n the main characteristics of the parallel and oblique morphologies observed in the experiments have been reproduced by computer simulations .  ⁇ n the main characteristics of the parallel and oblique morphologies observed in the experiments have been reproduced by computer simulations .  ⁇ n pacs numbers : 05.70.-a , 05.70.-a , 05.70.-a '
b' we present results of coupled - cluster calculations for ground and excited states of @xmath0he and @x
b' we present a new measurement of the fundamental plane ( fp ) of elliptical galaxies at intermediate redshifts .  ⁇ 
b' we present two ideas concerning laplacian modes .  ⁇ n the first one is to study what can be learned from the profile of the lowest mode ( the  ⁇  ground state probability density ' ) with changing boundary conditions .  ⁇ n the second idea concerns the reconstruction of the gauge background from relatively few laplacian modes .  ⁇ n it concerns the reconstruction of the gauge background from relatively few laplacian modes .  ⁇ n the purpose of both methods is to identify the underlying infrared degrees of freedom that are responsible for features like confinement . '
b' we present a variational approach to the problem of estimating the local expectation values of an interacting system .  ⁇ n we first propose an approximate expression for the matrix elements of the density matrix in terms of the matrix elements of a locally consistent set of reduced density matrices .  ⁇ n then we use this expression to write down the bethe free energy as a function of the reduced density matrices and the cavity messages that are needed to compute the entropy within the bethe approximation .  ⁇ n we improve on this approximation by considering the two - spin marginals of the cavity messages and obtain an approximate bethe entropy that depends only on the diagonal elements of the reduced density matrices .  ⁇ n we also discuss the advantages of the belief propagation algorithm for obtaining the local density matrices minimizing the free energy . '
b' we discuss the possibility of generating majorana neutrino mass and transition magnetic moments in the minimal supersymmetric standard model ( mssm ) .  ⁇ n we show that the mssm can be regarded as a unified model of the matter and interactions , if the @xmath0-parity is not conserved .  ⁇ 
b' we have studied the effect of a voltage pulse on the superconducting properties of a ptir tip .  ⁇ n we have used a ptir wire with a diameter of @xmath0 nm and a thickness of @xmath1 nm .  ⁇ 
b' we report the results of laser resonance ionization spectroscopy ( ris ) studies on the even - parity rydberg series of lutetium @xmath0 @xmath1 , @xmath0 @xmath2 and @
b' we present the results of a study of the galactic globular cluster m71 , based on two epochs of _ hubble space telescope _ and wide - field near - infrared and optical data .  ⁇ 
b' we consider a generalized harmonic oscillator ( ho ) for spin 1/2 particles with scalar and vector potentials .  ⁇ n the ho is a generalization of the dirac oscillator , which includes not only the scalar and vector potentials , but also a linear tensor potential .  ⁇ n we show that the ho is a generalization of the dirac oscillator , and that the ho is a generalization of the dirac oscillator .  ⁇ n we also discuss the case of a tensor potential , which is not necessarily a scalar potential .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the number density and luminosity density distributions of galaxy colors , profiles , luminosities , surface brightnesses , and local densities .  ⁇ n we use a sample of 144,609 galaxies from the sloan digital sky survey ( sdss ) to study the joint distribution of galaxy properties .  ⁇ 
b' we study the localization of resonances for the wave equation in the de sitter schwarzschild space - time .  ⁇ n we show that the local energy decays exponentially with a loss of derivatives .  ⁇ n we also show that the local energy decays exponentially with a loss of derivatives .  ⁇ n we also show that the local energy decays exponentially with a loss of derivatives .  ⁇ 
b' the pythia event generator is used to simulate the @xmath0 process in the proton - proton collisions at the center of mass energy of 14 gev .  ⁇ n the amplitudes of the relativistic quantum field theory are used to simulate the final state particles .  ⁇ n the pythia generator is based on the amplitudes of the @xmath0 subprocess .  ⁇ 
b' we study the statistical error in the computation of average properties of a system of particles in contact with a heat bath .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new analysis of the luminosity function ( lf ) of clusters of galaxies .  ⁇ n we find that the lf of clusters of galaxies is steeper than that of the field , and that the lf of clusters of galaxies is steeper than that of the field .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the effect of a neutrino asymmetry on the relic abundance of weakly interacting massive particles ( wimps ) .  ⁇ n we assume that the asymmetry between neutrinos and anti - neutrinos is equal .  ⁇ 
b' we study the analog hawking radiation of an exciton - polariton condensate in a semiconductor microcavity filled with a kerr nonlinear medium .  ⁇ n our theoretical model fully includes the intrinsically non - equilibrium nature of the polariton field and describes quantum fluctuations of the polariton field within the so - called truncated - wigner formalism of degenerate quantum gases .  ⁇ n our numerical calculations are able to provide quantitative predictions for the observable quantities , and to point out clear and accessible signatures of analog hawking radiation in the emitted light from the cavity . '
b' the level density and @xmath0-ray strength function ( @xmath0sf ) of @xmath1pu are measured using the oslo method .  ⁇ n the level density and @xmath0sf are compared to an estimated @xmath0sf .  ⁇ n the scissors resonance ( sr ) is extracted and interpreted as an enhancement of the @xmath0sf .  ⁇ n hauser - feshbach calculations using the measured level density and @xmath0sf as inputs are compared with evaluated nuclear databases .  ⁇ n the measured level density and @xmath0sf are used as inputs for hauser - feshbach calculations of the neutron capture cross section .  ⁇ 
b' we present a population synthesis analysis of the sloan digital sky survey data release 12 .  ⁇ n the spectra were fitted with synthetic spectra from model atmospheres of @xcite , using ml2/@xmath0 for das , and ml2/@xmath3 for dbs .  ⁇ n the mass distribution of our stars shows that the da s has a tail to larger masses , while the db s is extended to lower masses .  ⁇ n we calculated the density by correcting the visible volume with the @xmath6 method of @xcite , up to a maximum g=19 magnitude .  ⁇ n the distribution shows that the da s has a tail to larger masses , while the db s is extended to lower masses .  ⁇ n this is probably reflecting some limitation in the progenitors that can undergo very - late thermal pulses and become dbs .  ⁇ n we computed the density by correcting the visible volume with the @xmath6 method of @xcite , up
b' i present a new compilation of the hipparcos - selected g - type stars , which includes 37,341 binaries , or more than twice the number of hipparcos multiples .  ⁇ n i also present a sample of g - type stars similar to the one of dm1991 .  ⁇ n i find that the apparent binary frequency ( @xmath0 ) of the brighter stars decreases rapidly with distance , and that the brighter stars have higher average @xmath1 s , exactly as expected .  ⁇ n i also present a sample of g - type stars similar to the one of dm1991 . '
b' we study the relic density of the lsp in a model with a mssm - like extra gauge @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we show that the lsp is a mixture of stckelino and primeino , with a small mssm contribution .  ⁇ n we solve numerically the boltzmann equation in this general case .  ⁇ n we show that the relic density is compatible with the wmap data .  ⁇ n we also discuss the possibility of a relic density compatible with the wmap data .  ⁇ n -0.5 cm -0.5 cm -0.5 cm -0.5 cm -0.5 cm -0.5 cm -0.5 cm -0.5 cm -0.5 cm -0.5 cm -0.5 cm -0.5 cm -0.5 cm -0.5 cm -0.5 cm -0.5 cm -0.5 cm -0.5 cm -0.5 cm -0.5 cm -0.5 cm -0.5 cm -0.5 cm -0.5 cm -0.5 cm -0.5 cm -0.5 cm 
b' we study the thermodynamics of quantum walks ( qws ) .  ⁇ n we show that the asymptotic distribution of chirality is a stationary state of the qw on a line .  ⁇ n we show that the entanglement entropy changes between the stationary states after a measurement process .  ⁇ n we obtain the upper and lower bounds for the asymptotic change of the entanglement entropy .  ⁇ n our result may be thought as complementary to the results presented in refs .  ⁇ n [ phys .  ⁇ n rev .  ⁇ n lett . * 89 * , 012302 ( 2001 ) ] where the information content and thermodynamic variables are treated on an equal footing . '
b' we present a simple extension of the chandrasekhar fermi method to infer the strength of the magnetic field in molecular clouds .  ⁇ n this generalization is valid regardless of the orientation of the magnetic field in space .  ⁇ n we also apply our generalization to the m17 molecular cloud , and infer a value for the magnitude of the mean magnetic field . '
b' we report the discovery of a planet in a highly eccentric , long - period orbit around a lithium - overabundant giant star .  ⁇ n the planet is located at a distance of 1.3 kpc from the star .  ⁇ 
b' we present a variational calculation of the vibration - rotation spectra of h@
b' we demonstrate a single phonon coupling rate of @xmath0 hz for negatively charged nitrogen vacancy ( nv ) spins in a diamond cantilever .  ⁇ n this is a @xmath1 improvement over existing nv - strain coupling demonstrations .  ⁇ n we also measure the spin echo signal of nvs in the cantilever , and precisely measure the spin - phonon coupling rate . '
b' we study the timescale associated with landau - zener tunneling .  ⁇ 
b' we present new estimates of the cosmic microwave background ( crb ) temperature at various frequencies .  ⁇ n we use the flux - limited arcade 2 data , which was released in 2006 , to derive new estimates of the crb temperature at @xmath0 = @xmath1 .  ⁇ 
b' we present a supplemental condition of the adiabatic evolution for the fixed points of classical hamiltonian systems when the adiabatic condition breaks down at some critical points .  ⁇ n we show that the adiabatic condition will break down at bifurcation points of the fixed points .  ⁇ n but the adiabatic evolution is destroyed only for the limit point . for the branch process , the adiabatic evolution will hold , and the corrections to the adiabatic approximation tend to zero with a power law of the sweeping rate . '
b' we present the results of the o line formation in a sample of quasars .  ⁇ n the o line emission in quasars is dominated by the collisional excitation of o @xmath18446 and the balmer continuum absorption of o @xmath18446 .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the x - ray properties of a sample of agn with _  ⁇ n asca _ and _ bepposax _ , focusing on the x - ray properties of the nuclear x - ray emission .  ⁇ n we find that the nuclear x - ray emission is dominated by a heavily absorbed , accretion - related component , similar to that observed in seyfert 2 galaxie
b' the minimal dilatonic gravity ( mdg ) is a proper generalization of the einstein general relativity ( gr ) .  ⁇ n it was introduced for the first time by ohanlon ( ohanlon ,1972 ) without relation with cosmology and astrophysics .  ⁇ n the idea of a possible relation of the ohanlon model with astrophysics and cosmology was introduced in ( fiziev , 2013 ) .  ⁇ n a class of withholding potentials is introduced there .  ⁇ n these confine dynamically the values of the dilaton @xmath0 in the physical domain .  ⁇ n the cosmological potential is introduced to consider a variable cosmological factor instead of the gravitational constant .  ⁇ n the cosmological potential is introduced to consider a variable cosmological factor instead of the gravitational constant .  ⁇ n the cosmological potential is introduced to consider a variable cosmological factor instead of the gravitational constant .  ⁇ 
b' we study the quantum entropy for graphs .  ⁇ n we show that the quantum entropy is a measure of regularity , _  ⁇ n i.e. _ , graphs with higher entropy when the number of edges is fixed .  ⁇ n moreover , entropy seems to depend on the number of connected components , long paths , and nontrivial symmetries .  ⁇ n we study numerically how the entropy increases when adding edges with different prescriptions .  ⁇ n we also study the influence of the graph structure on the entropy . '
b' we describe a general approach which leads to a quantitative answer , expressed as a relative figure of merit of two observational techniques .  ⁇ n the approach is based on the comparison of the corresponding errors in the model parameters determination .  ⁇ n the derived figure of merit can also be used in the closely related problem of optimization of complex observations , thus contributing in maximizing their scientific output .  ⁇ n we illustrate the developed method by comparing the technique of optical long baseline interferometry to the classical spectroscopy , both used to find the parameters of the gaseous envelope around the p cyg star .  ⁇ n the chosen example of the interferometry vs spectroscopy comparison appears to be timely .  ⁇ n a comparison of the technique of optical long baseline interferometry and the classical spectroscopy , both applied to the p cyg star , shows that the derived figure of merit is not only sensitive to the experimental techniques , but also on the chosen set of model parameters .  ⁇ n the derived figure of merit can also be used in
b' we study the friedel oscillation ( fo ) in twisted graphene bilayer and topological crystalline insulator ( tci ) when fermi level is near the saddle point .  ⁇ n we find that the fo is a monotonous function of fermi level @xmath0 , which is a function of @xmath1 .  ⁇ 
b' we study the dynamics of two states of mutually interacting spins embedded in a magnetic field .  ⁇ n we show that the one - tangle and the concurrence have completely different behaviors depending on the initial state .  ⁇ 
b' primordial black holes ( pbhs ) could have formed in the early universe .  ⁇ n if they were not formed , their existence would have a strong impact on the cosmological density and on the cosmic baryon asymmetry .  ⁇ n if they were not , their evaporation would have a significant effect on the cosmic baryon asymmetry .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the dynamo effect of the elliptical instability in a rotating sphere , filled with an incompressible conductive fluid and surrounded by an insulating medium .  ⁇ n we show that the tidal flow can be established by imposing a boundary non - zero radial flow , or by using a non - conservative body force with non - penetrative boundary conditions .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the effects of static impurities on the ground state of the kagome lattice .  ⁇ n we find that , despite the very short intrinsic spin  ⁇ n spin correlation lengths , dimer dimer dimer correlations develop over considerable distances in the presence of dopants .  ⁇ 
b' a method for deriving functional equations is proposed .  ⁇ n the method is based on algebraic relations between products of propagators .  ⁇ n explicit relations for products of two , three and four propagators are given .  ⁇ n algebraic relation for products of arbitrary number of proparators is given .  ⁇ n these relations are used to obtain functional equations for some one- , as well as two - loop integrals .  ⁇ n in particular functional equation for the massless one - loop vertex type integral is presented .  ⁇ n also functional equation for the two - loop vertex type integral with arbitrary masses is given .  ⁇ n another method for obtaining functional equations is proposed .  ⁇ n the method is based on finding algebraic relations between propagators and it is suitable for deriving functional equations for multi - loop integral
b' we present a study of the polarization of continuum radiation in the coma of the comet hale - bopp c/1995 o1 .  ⁇ n the polarization of continuum radiation is measured using the polarimetric data base of the sloan digital sky survey ( sdss ) .  ⁇ 
b' we present a framework to manipulate and measure binary quantum information encoded in continuous variables .  ⁇ n we introduce a modular variables representation and a set of observables that allow us to manipulate and readout the encoded discrete quantum information in terms of the corresponding continuous variable logical states .  ⁇ n our formulation shows that , if one is interested in recovering quantum information by measuring binary observables defined in continuous variables , one can loosen the requirements imposed on the gottesman - kitaev - preskill ( gkp ) states .  ⁇ n our results have immediate experimental impact which we demonstrate by applying them to the transverse degrees of freedom of single photons . '
b' ant colony optimization ( aco ) is a system based on agents that simulate the natural behavior of ants .  ⁇ n aco is a system based on agents that simulate the natural behavior of ants , in which real ants are able to find the shortest route from a food source to their nest by exploiting pheromone information .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the intrinsic reproducability of blackbody normalisation measurements from thermonuclear bursts , using a uniform , homogeneous sample of bursts from the low - mass x - ray binaries gs 1826@xmath024 and ks 1731@xmath026 .  ⁇ 
b' the off - shell propagating behavior of photons in atoms during the photon - atom scattering processes is studied .  ⁇ n the hamiltonian of the model is restricted by the electric dipole approximation .  ⁇ 
b' we report on the growth of magnetic wires on a non - magnetic nanotemplate of grooves .  ⁇ n the growth process is based on pulsed - laser deposition .  ⁇ n the samples are grown in an ultra - high vacuum chamber .  ⁇ n the growth process is a combination of a scanning tunneling microscope and a scanning tunneling microscope .  ⁇ n the growth process is characterized by a growth rate of @xmath0 ms / s , which is comparable to the corresponding growth rate of a single - layer .  ⁇ n the growth rate is a factor of @xmath1 larger than that of a single - layer .  ⁇ n the growth rate is a factor of @xmath2 smaller than that of a single - layer .  ⁇ n the growth rate is a factor of @xmath1 larger than that of a single - layer .  ⁇ n the growth rate is a factor of @xmath1 larger than that of a single - layer . '
b' we calculate the damping rate of a massless fermion coupled to a massless scalar particle in the framework of the braaten - pisarski method .  ⁇ n we find that the damping rate of this fermion is finite and proportional to @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we also discuss the gauge dependence of the damping rate of hard partons . '
b' the lindhard model is a widely used model for the description of low - mass dark matter .  ⁇ n the most widely used model is a simple approximation of the thomas - fermi treatment , which is a crude approximation when the ion and the atom do not come close to each other .  ⁇ n this article examines the sources of this uncertainty , undoing a simple approximation of the original treatment , and obtain a new solution of the original model in the energy range of interest for low - mass dark matter .  ⁇ n the new solution is compared with the lindhard model , and with the corresponding data for xenon10 and damic .  ⁇ n the new solution is compared with the lindhard model , and with the corresponding data for xenon10 .  ⁇ n the new solution is compared with the lindhard model , and with the lindhard model .  ⁇ 
b' we study the production of baryon asymmetry during the electroweak phase transition in the minimal supersymmetric standard model .  ⁇ n we show that the asymmetry can be enhanced by the presence of a light right handed top squark .  ⁇ 
b' we present a review of the rate equation approach to quantify the structure of growing networks .  ⁇ n we focus on three basic models : the growing network ( gn ) model , in which nodes are added one at a time and a single link is established between the new node and a pre - existing node .  ⁇ 
b' we study the dynamics of polaritons , combined atom photon excitations , in an array of cavities .  ⁇ n the cavity - cavity interaction is governed by a bose - hubbard hamiltonian , which can be tuned by varying the intensity of the driving laser .  ⁇ 
b' we study the dynamics of a one - dimensional stochastic process , namely the logistic growth of a single reactant .  ⁇ n we consider the competition of flora for common resource ( water ) , and show that the competition of flora for common resource ( water ) leads to a segregation of the homogenous solution .  ⁇ 
b' the production of non - prompt @xmath0 ( produced via the decay of a @xmath1-hadron ) to inclusively - produced @xmath0 ( hereafter referred to as the _ non - prompt fraction _ ) is measured in @xmath2 collisions at the lhc with an integrated luminosity of up to 2.3 pb@xmath3 .  ⁇ n the results are compared to those made by the cms collaboration with 314 nb@xmath4 of integrated luminosity and those from the cdf collaboration where appropriate .  ⁇ n the results of these analyses are compared to those made by the cms collaboration with 314 nb@xmath5 of integrated luminosity .  ⁇ n the results of these analyses are compared to those made by the cms collaboration with 314 nb@xmath6 of integrated luminosity .  ⁇ n the results of these analyses are compared to corresponding predictions made by the colour evaporation model , fixed - order next - to 
b' we study pseudocontinuability of non - inner schur functions in the unit disk .  ⁇ n the main result of this paper is a new characterization of pseudocontinuability of a non inner schur function @xmath0 in the unit disk .  ⁇ n this characterization is expressed in terms of a special orthogonal basis in an @xmath1-space on the unit circle , where @xmath1 is some probability measure on the unit circle which is canonically associated with @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the central theme of this paper is an operator  ⁇ n theoretic approach to the investigation of pseudocontinuability of non - inner schur functions in the unit disk .  ⁇ n the main result of this paper is a new characterization of pseudocontinuability of a non inner schur function @xmath0 in the unit disk .  ⁇ n this characterization is expressed in terms of a special orthogonal basis in an @xmath3 space on the unit circle , where @xmath1 is some probability measure on the unit circle which is can
b' we present a radiative transfer model of a clumpy , clumpy disk and outflow .  ⁇ n the model is based on the hypothesis that the accretion disk and outflow are subject to radiative and hydrodynamic pressure producing strong outflows .  ⁇ 
b' we present a numerical study of the merging of compact super - clusters in the tidal field of a host - galaxy .  ⁇ n the clusters are simulated as plummer - spheres containing 100,000 particles each .  ⁇ n the clusters are simulated as plummer - spheres containing 100,000 particles each .  ⁇ n the clusters are simulated as plummer - spheres containing 100,000 particles each .  ⁇ n the resulting super - clusters are simulated as plummer - spheres containing 100,000 particles each .  ⁇ n the properties of the resulting merger object and its dynamical evolution are studied .  ⁇ n the results show that the merging of super - clusters is a very fast process .  ⁇ n the resulting super - clusters are able to merge in a few myr .  ⁇ n the resulting super - clusters are able to survive the merging process .  ⁇ n the properties of the resulting merger object and its dynamical evolution are studied .  ⁇ 
b' we study the hysteretic behavior of a fluid adsorbed in a silica aerogel as a function of temperature and porosity .  ⁇ n we show that the hysteretic behavior of the adsorbed fluid is characterized by a discontinuous adsorption isotherm as one decreases the temperature or increases the porosity .  ⁇ n we also study the scaling behavior of the adsorption isotherms in the vicinity of the nonequilibrium critical points .  ⁇ n we show that the adsorption isotherms exhibit a discontinuous behavior as one decreases the temperature or increases the porosity .  ⁇ n we also show that the adsorption isotherms exhibit a discontinuous behavior as one decreases the temperature or increases the porosity .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the phenomenology of a wide class of supersymmetric orbifolds in _  ⁇ n m_-theory .  ⁇ 
b' in this paper , we propose effective interference management strategies in the @xmath0-user interference channel for the scenarios of delayed feedback and delayed channel state information at transmitter ( csit ) .  ⁇ n the proposed schemes are developed in the framework of ergodic interference alignment ( ia ) and enables interference - free decoding of the desired message at the receiver .  ⁇ n it is shown that the proposed schemes achieve @xmath1 degrees of freedom ( dof ) in the @xmath0-user interference channel for the scenarios of delayed channel information and delayed output feedback without csit .  ⁇ n the proposed schemes achieve higher dof than the retrospective interference alignment ( ia ) in the @xmath0 user interference channel with the same assumptions of delayed feedback . '
b' we present a statistical analysis of the _ kepler _ eclipsing binary catalog .  ⁇ n we find that the _ kepler _  ⁇ n eclipsing binary catalog contains a large number of eclipsing binaries .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed description of the reflection and focusing of a bose - einstein condensate from a temporal magnetic mirror .  ⁇ n the mirror is a soft , inelastic , and adaptable radius of curvature .  ⁇ n we compare the results of two theoretical models , focusing and bouncing , and discuss the limitations of both theories .  ⁇ n we also discuss the limitations of the two theories , and discuss the theory of experimentally attainable situations . '
b' in this paper , we discuss the work done on cluster based routing of wireless sensor networks .  ⁇ n we also discuss some modifications to enhance efficiency .  ⁇ n finally , some experiments along with comparisons are made .  ⁇ n wireless sensor networks , cluster based routing , wireless sensor networks , wireless sensor networks , power constraint . '
b' we study the phenomenology of the @xmath0 higgs model with a finite gluon mass .  ⁇ n we show that the gluon condensate and the gluon mass are related through a qcd sum rule .  ⁇ n we also discuss the phenomenology of the standard quarkonium decays into gluons .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the pathologies in ads black branes in lovelock theory .  ⁇ n we explicitly present the conditions for the occurrence of pathologies .  ⁇ n we discuss the implications of our findings in the ads / cft correspondence . '
b' we study the solitons in a model of a scalar field with a quartic nonlinearity .  ⁇ 
b' the standard model has passed the tests provided by run 1 of the lhc with flying colours .  ⁇ n many cross sections for particle and jet production have been measured at the lhc , and are in agreement with the standard model predictions .  ⁇ n measurements of single and multiple @xmath0 and @xmath1 production and measurements of single and pair production of the top quark are also in agreement with the sm predictions .  ⁇ n the discovery by cms and atlas of a higgs boson has now been detected in three production channels , and is in agreement with the sm predictions .  ⁇ n this talk will focus on what we already know about this newly - discovered particle , and the hints it may provide for other topics within and beyond the standard model . '
b' we present two new protocols for probabilistically unity fidelity teleportation .  ⁇ n the first protocol is based on the bennett _  ⁇ n et al . _ proposal for linear optical teleportation .  ⁇ 
b' we study the energy transfer between @xmath0 classical objects .  ⁇ n we show that the number of steps required to transfer the energy to a marked object is reduced to a single step when the speed of light is approached .  ⁇ n we also discuss a simplified case based on elastic collisions .  ⁇ n we show that the number of steps can be reduced to a single step when the speed of light is approached .  ⁇ n we also show that special relativity predicts a smaller number of steps , which can be reduced even to a single step when the speed of light is approached . '
b' in this paper , we propose a novel sparse low - rank formulation , which is strictly convex .  ⁇ n the proposed formulation is based on a parameterized non - convex penalty function , which aids in ensuring the strict convexity of the objective function .  ⁇ n we provide an admm based algorithm to solve the proposed formulation , which utilizes single variable - splitting compared to two variable - splitting as in @xcite .  ⁇ n we also provide an admm based algorithm to solve , which utilizes single variable - splitting compared to two variable - splitting as in @xcite .  ⁇ 
b' in this paper , we show that a weakly universal cellular automaton on the pentagrid with moore neighbourhood is a truly planar cellular automaton .  ⁇ n we also give the rules of the automaton , focusing in the way we define these rules in a context where rotation invariance is no more required .  ⁇ n we also give the proof of this result .  ⁇ n * keywords : * cellular automaton , moore neighbourhood , pentagrid , cellular automaton , moore neighbourhood . '
b' we show how luttinger liquids may be obtained from sea - bosons .  ⁇ n this rectifies some serious errors of judgement of previous works .  ⁇ n in addition , we are able to solve for the one - particle properties of various systems highlighted in the abstract .  ⁇ n specifically , we are able to write down a closed formula for the momentum distribution of the wigner crystal mentioned in the abstract that does not involve arbitrarily chosen momentum cutoffs .  ⁇ n thus our formalism is able to provide information about short - wavelength physics as well as the asymptotics . '
b' the present review of theoretical atomic physics is aimed at astronomers and spectroscopists in general who need to understand the limitations of atomic data .  ⁇ n the review pays particular attention to the calculation of atomic structure and the spectral processes of photoionization and electron impact excitation .  ⁇ n other processes like collisional ionization and proton impact excitation , although relevant , are not discussed in much detail due to lack of space .  ⁇ n also , the present review emphasizes inner - shell processes that are most relevant to x - ray spectroscopy . '
b' we present the results of a submillimeter imaging of the star - forming regions orion and m17 .  ⁇ n the data were obtained by the pronaos balloon - borne experiment .  ⁇ 
b' we calculate the critical current @xmath0 in a two - band superconductor , using a two - band eliashberg formalism .  ⁇ n we find that the critical current @x
b' let @xmath0 be a connected nonorientable surface of genus @xmath1 with @xmath2 punctures .  ⁇ n we prove that the natural map @xmath3 is an isomorphism of the mapping class group of @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we also prove that the automorphism group of the hatcher - thurston complex is isomorphic to the automorphism group of the graph .  ⁇ n we also prove that the automorphism group of the hatcher - thurston complex is isomorphic to the automorphism group of the graph . '
b' we present a dynamical calculation of the neutral pion photoproduction off the proton in the framework of the extended on mass shell chiral perturbation theory .  ⁇ n we find that the @xmath0 contribution to the total cross section is considerably suppressed by fourth order loop effects .  ⁇ n we also discuss the implications of the results for the pion photoproduction off the proton . '
b' we study the effect of hydrostatic pressure on the colossal magnetoresistance ( cmr ) of lamno@xmath0 .  ⁇ n we show that the pressure required to obtain a ferromagnetic ( fm ) half - metallic state is reduced by an order of magnitude when the pressure is applied along a single axis ( uniaxial ) .  ⁇ n we also show that the mechanism associated with the insulator - to - metal ( imt ) , structural , and magnetic phase transitions observed in this system is mainly controlled by a particular jahn - teller ( jt ) mode .  ⁇ n this identification of a particular phonon - type mode provides a clear strategy for tuning properties in other systems where such structural distortions exist .  ⁇ 
b' we study the post - collapse evolution of core collapse models based on two @xmath0 progenitors taken from stellar evolution calculations .  ⁇ n we perform axisymmetric simulations of the coupled evolution of the stellar gas , its magnetic fields , and the neutrinos emitted by the core solving the equations of special - relativistic magnetohydrodynamics and neutrino transport .  ⁇ 
b' we present a low - threshold , continuous , steady - state , two - photon oscillator ( opo ) that generates broadband , continuous , steady - state oscillations .  ⁇ n we exploit the special properties of two - photon excitation with broadband down - converted light to cause loss only to narrowband oscillations and not to broadband oscillations .  ⁇ n specifically , since such two - photon excitations are induced in a pulse - like manner , they can be coherently controlled by tailoring the level of dispersion at different locations within the opo cavity , leading to a situation where narrowband oscillations , which are insensitive to dispersion , suffer two - photon loss but not broadband oscillations .  ⁇ n thus , since the dominant mode in a cavity is always the one with the highest conversion efficiency , i.e. the best gain - loss relation , only broadband oscillations builds up .  ⁇ n thus , since the dominant mode in a cavity
b' we present a new calibration scheme for the mid - infrared ( mir ) spectra of the bright k giants @xmath0 tau and @
b' a new detector for homeland security is proposed based on neutron activation analysis ( naa ) .  ⁇ n the detector is designed to detect dangerous substances hidden deep in the bottom of the sea .  ⁇ n the detector is based on a c++ program , which allows to optimize the dimensions and relative positions of detectors and guides .  ⁇ 
b' we study the current fluctuations in a multi - terminal system with bound states .  ⁇ n we show that the current fluctuations at frequency @xmath0 are affected by all bound states with energies @xmath1 .  ⁇ n we derive in closed and explicit form both the scattering and bound state contributions to the noise power of the system in the non - equilibrium steady state .  ⁇ n we illustrate the general result for some values of the parameters characterising the system . '
b' we present a detailed chemical abundance analysis of the open cluster ngc 2355 , based on high - resolution spectra obtained with the elodie spectrograph on the 1.93 m telescope at the ohp .  ⁇ n we have obtained spectra of a dozen stars , both evolved and at the msto , and have derived their atmospheric parameters and absolute magnitudes .  ⁇ 
b' we present a model of the mass loss process in the winds of o - rich stars .  ⁇ n the model is based on a spherically symmetric wind model with a spherical symmetry .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate a markov chain monte carlo ( mcmc ) method for sampling from a random input distribution .  ⁇ n the model that generates the given data accepts a random input with an unknown probability density function .  ⁇ n we first review some markov chain and mcmc theory and then we provide a detailed description of the problem at hand and a toy example to demonstrate the concept before proceeding to develop a solution .  ⁇ n finally we demonstrate how our method can be used to sample from the space of solution paths to a stochastic differential equation and demonstrate how our method can be used to sample from the space of solution paths to this equation . '
b' we introduce a metric which flexibly captures both tree structure and branch lengths .  ⁇ n this metric can be used as a quantitative tool for comparing phylogenetic trees .  ⁇ n we show how our metric enables visualization of tree space and detect islands , which we demonstrate with a simple application to dengue fever phylogenies .  ⁇ n we also explain how our metric provides a new suite of methods for selecting summary trees . '
b' we investigate the diamagnetic phase transition in beryllium at the conditions of dhva effect .  ⁇ n the diamagnetic phase diagrams for beryllium are obtained by using the lifschitz - kosevich - shoenberg formalism .  ⁇ n the amplitude of the dhva oscillations is calculated in the framework of the spherical fermi surface .  ⁇ 
b' we present the cross section measurement for the process @xmath0 and the determination of anomalous gauge couplings ( aqgcs ) .  ⁇ n the data collected with the l3 detector at lep at @xmath1 corresponding to an integrated luminosity of 176.8pb@xmath2 and a total integrated luminosity of 231.7pb@xmath2 are used to determine aqgcs .  ⁇ n the results are combined with the results derived on anomalous quartic gauge - boson vertices @xmath3 and @xmath4 .  ⁇ n the search for anomalous qgcs is performed within the theoretical framework of references and .  ⁇ n aqgcs , radiative w - pair production , l3 , l3 , l3 '
b' we present a detailed study of the x - ray spectra of the short bursts from soft gamma repeaters ( sgrs ) and anomalous x - ray pulsars ( axps ) .  ⁇ n we find that the spectra of the short bursts are generally described by a two - blackbody ( 2bb ) model , while the persistent x - ray emission is characterized by a power law ( bb@xmath0pl ) .  ⁇ n the spectra of the short bursts are generally described by a photoelectrically absorbed two - blackbody ( 2bb ) model , while the persistent x - ray emission is generally described by a photoelectrically absorbed blackbody plus power law ( bb@xmath0pl ) model .  ⁇ n we also find that the spectra of the short bursts are generally described by a 2bb model , and that the spec
b' we predict by density - functional calculations the existence of a first - order martensitic transition in bulk - like epitaxial films of at least six metals .  ⁇ n the transitions are characterized by a discontinuous dependence of the film properties on the substrate lattice parameters .  ⁇ 
b' we compare the predictions of relativistic and nonrelativistic three - body calculations where the input two - body interactions give the same two - body @xmath0 matrix , have the same internal two - body wave functions , and have a kinematic three - dimensional euclidean symmetry .  ⁇ n the relativistic and nonrelativistic models differ in how these interactions appear in the three - body problem .  ⁇ n the relativistic and nonrelativistic models differ in how these interactions appear in the three - body problem .  ⁇ n the relativistic and nonrelativistic models differ in how these interactions appear in the three - body problem .  ⁇ n the relativistic and nonrelativistic models differ in how these interactions appear in the three - body problem .  ⁇ n the relativistic and nonrelativistic models differ in how these interactions appear in the three - body problem .  ⁇ n the relativistic and nonrelativistic models differ in how these interactions appear in the three - body problem .  ⁇ n the relativistic and
b' we present a new approach to nuclear structure theory based on the bare n - n interaction .  ⁇ n the pairing interaction is derived from the n - n interaction using the spherical harmonic oscillator method .  ⁇ n the pairing correlations are calculated using the spherical harmonic oscillator method .  ⁇ n the pairing correlations are calculated using the spherical harmonic oscillator method .  ⁇ n the pairing correlations are calculated using the spherical harmonic oscillator method .  ⁇ n the pairing correlations are calculated using the spherical harmonic oscillator method .  ⁇ n the pairing correlations are calculated using the spherical harmonic oscillator method .  ⁇ n the pairing correlations are calculated using the spherical harmonic oscillator method .  ⁇ n the pairing correlations are calculated using the spherical harmonic oscillator method .  ⁇ n the pairing correlations are calculated using the spherical harmonic oscillator method .  ⁇ n the pairing correlations are calculated
b' we report on the construction and characterization of two cryogenic ion traps systems , designed for trapping @xmath0sr@xmath1 ions .  ⁇ n the traps were operated at liquid helium temperature and operated at liquid helium temperature .  ⁇ n the traps were fabricated by optical lithography techniques .  ⁇ n the traps were fabricated by a laser ablation method .  ⁇ n the traps were characterized by a high - quality ion trap , a low - temperature ion trap , and a high - temperature ion trap .  ⁇ n the traps were characterized by a high - quality ion trap , a high - vacuum ion trap and a low - temperature ion trap .  ⁇ n the traps were fabricated by a laser ablation technique .  ⁇ n the traps were characterized by a high - quality ion trap .  ⁇ n the traps were characterized by a high - quality ion
b' we present the results of a deep , wide - field , wide - field imaging survey aimed at searching for stellar counterparts to ultra compact high velocity clouds ( uchvcs ) of neutral hydrogen .  ⁇ n we have identified a new stellar system , secco 1 , that is a member of the low velocity cloud ( lvc ) .  ⁇ 
b' we present a three - dimensional model of the mass distribution in the galactic bulge based on the color - magnitude data obtained by the optical gravitational lensing experiment collaboration .  ⁇ n the model is based on the kinematics of the gas in the inner galaxy , and the kinematics of the gas in the inner galaxy .  ⁇ n the model is based on the kinematics of the gas in the inner galaxy , and the gas in the inner galaxy .  ⁇ n the model is based on the kinematics of the gas in the inner galaxy .  ⁇ n the model is based on the kinematics of the gas in the inner galaxy .  ⁇ n the model is based on the kinematics of the gas in the inner galaxy .  ⁇ n the model is based on the kinematics of the gas in the inner galaxy .  ⁇ n the model is based on the kinematics of the gas in the inner galaxy .  ⁇ n the model is based on the kinematics of
b' we calculate the next - to - leading order qcd corrections to the interference of the higgs boson with a narrow width .  ⁇ n we show that the interference effect , especially the mass shift , can be used to bound experimentally , or possibly even measure , the higgs width fairly directly , for widths well below the experimental mass resolution at the lhc .  ⁇ n we further argue that the interference effect , especially the mass shift , can be used to constrain the higgs width fairly directly , for widths well below the experimental mass resolution .  ⁇ n we further argue that such a measurement would complement even more direct measurements of the higgs width at future colliders such as the ilc or a muon collider , but might be accomplished much earlier . '
b' in this paper , we study the dynamical scenario of dark energy in @xmath0 gravity .  ⁇ n we consider the metric formalism and the palatini formalism .  ⁇ n we find that the metric formalism can give a good fit to the type ia supernovae data .  ⁇ n we also find that the palatini formalism gives a better fit to the type ia supernovae data than the metric formalism .  ⁇ n we also find that the palatini formalism gives a better fit to the type ia supernovae data .  ⁇ n we also find that the palatini formalism gives a better fit to the type ia supernovae data .  ⁇ n we also find that the palatini formalism gives a better fit to the type ia supernovae data .  ⁇ n we also find that the palatini formalism gives a better fit to the type ia supernovae data .  ⁇ n we also find that the palatini formalism gives a better fit to the type ia super
b' the discovery reach of the neutrino factory and muon collider is presented .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a type of molecular neuron based on the mechanism of franck - condon blockade .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new method of residual stress evaluation for a weld , based on a diffraction experiment .  ⁇ n the method is based on a _  ⁇ n _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
b' we study the spin - orbit interaction of electrons in lateral quantum dots .  ⁇ n we show that the spin - orbit interaction is a strong perturbation of the confinement energy , which leads to a spin - electric effect .  ⁇ n the spin - electric effect is a magnetic dipole - dipole interaction , which can be strongly enhanced by up to a factor of @xmath0 compared to the bohr magneton .  ⁇ n the magnitude of the spin - spin interaction obtained via this spin - electric effect can be efficiently controlled and even completely suppressed by adjusting external parameters such as the magnetic field direction , strength , and inter - dot distance .  ⁇ n the spin - electric effect can be efficiently controlled and even completely suppressed by adjusting external parameters such as the magnetic field direction , strength , and inter - dot distance .  ⁇ n the spin - electric effect can be used to perform two - qubit operations as required in the spin - based quantum computing scheme . '
b' we present a detailed case study of the merging starburst galaxy ng
b' we introduce dynamic mode decomposition ( dmd ) as a novel approach to analyze spatial - temporal patterns in large - scale neural recordings .  ⁇ n dmd combines well - characterized advantages from power spectral analysis in time and principal components analysis ( pca ) in space .  ⁇ 
b' we present h@
b' we construct wigner polynomials for platonic three - manifolds , with unitary actions resulting in a multipole decomposition .  ⁇ n the platonic spherical polyhedra are constructed by use of four spherical coxeter groups .  ⁇ n the platonic homotopy groups are factorized by the point symmetry groups of the platonic polyhedra .  ⁇ n the platonic homotopy groups are expressed by the gluings of faces and directed edges of the platonic polyhedra .  ⁇ n the platonic homotopy groups are factorized by the point symmetry groups of the platonic polyhedra .  ⁇ n the platonic homotopy groups are factorized by the point symmetry groups of the platonic polyhedra .  ⁇ n the platonic homotopy groups are factorized by the point symmetry groups of the platonic polyhedra .  ⁇ n the platonic homotopy groups are factorized by the point symmetry groups of the platonic polyhedra .  ⁇ n the platonic homotopy groups
b' we present a new interpretation of the superparamagnetic behaviour of an ensemble of randomly oriented antiferromagnetic particles , in terms of a non - langevin law for the uncompensated magnetisation , for applied magnetic fields lower than the spin - flop field .  ⁇ n we show that , by taking proper account of the crystalline anisotropy in an antiferromagnetic structure , one obtains a coherent interpretation of the results of the two techniques .  ⁇ n we also present a new interpretation of the superparamagnetic behaviour of an ensemble of randomly oriented antiferromagnetic particles , in terms of a non - langevin law for the uncompensated magnetisation , for applied magnetic fields lower than the spin - flop field .  ⁇ n this approach , which was evoked by nel in an early work , has nevertheless never been considered in the modern and quantitative magnetic investigations of ferritin .  ⁇ n we also examine the influence of the mean iron content of the artificial ferritin core ( ranging from 400 to 2500 
b' we establish strong network coding bounds for general broadcast networks with multiple ( multicast ) messages and more than two sink nodes .  ⁇ n in particular , we are interested in network coding bounds that rely only on the _ cut _ structure of the network .  ⁇ n the rational behind this particular interest is two - folded .  ⁇ n first , cut is a well - understood combinatorial structure for networks .  ⁇ n second , the fact that standard cut - set bounds ( * ? ? ?  ⁇ n * ch . 15.10 ) are _ tight _ for the aforementioned special cases suggests that cut as a combinatorial structure can be useful for more general broadcast - network coding problems as well .  ⁇ 
b' a new approach for the model - independent search for the @xmath0-boson is proposed .  ⁇ n the analysis is based on the renormalization group relations between the effective low - energy couplings derived from the renormalization group equation for fermion scattering amplitudes .  ⁇ n the corresponding observables have also been introduced and applied to analyze the lep2 data .  ⁇ n the confidence level of these values has been estimated and adduced in addition .  ⁇ n the results of the present authors are compared with the predictions of the standard model . '
b' we present the first co - to - h@xmath0 conversion factor measurements of the central regions of a sample of massive quiescent galaxies at @xmath1 .  ⁇ n the co - to - h@xmath2 conversion factor is @xmath3 ( k km s@xmath4pc@xmath5 ) , which is consistent with the galactic conversion factor .  ⁇ n the co - to - h@xmath6 conversion factor is @xmath7 ( k km s@xmath8pc@xmath9 ) , which is consistent with the galactic conversion factor .  ⁇ n the co - to - h@xmath10 conversion factor is @xmath11 ( k km s@xmath9 ) , which is consistent with the galactic conversion factor .  ⁇ n the co - to - h@xmath13 conversion factor is @xmath14 ( k km s@x
b' we study a 4 dimensional n=1 supersymmetric model with a toroidal compact dimension .  ⁇ n we find the allowed field configurations that are determined from the topology and construct in a correct way the lagrangian .  ⁇ n we find the effective potential through which we find when supersymmetry breaks and when does not .  ⁇ n we also add non holomorphic and hard supersymmetry breaking terms .  ⁇ n we find that for some values of the couplings and of the masses , interesting phenomena occur .  ⁇ n we show that the effective potential has no longer its minimum at zero and thus , supersymmetry is spontaneously broken .  ⁇ n we also show that the effective potential has no longer its minimum at zero and thus , supersymmetry is spontaneously broken .  ⁇ n we also show that the effective potential of the theory has no longer its minimum at zero and thus , supersymmetry is spontaneously broken .  ⁇ n we also show that the effective potential of the theory has no longer its minimum at zero and thus , supersymmetry is spontaneously broken .  ⁇ n we also show that the effective
b' we construct an effective lagrangian for the three dimensional qcd with fundamental quarks .  ⁇ n the structure of the effective lagrangian is determined by the spontaneously broken magnetic @xmath0 symmetry .  ⁇ 
b' we consider the value of a species based on its position in a phylogeny .  ⁇ 
b' a general and easy to implement bootstrap procedure for functional time series is proposed which generates bootstrap replicates @xmath0 of an observed functional time series @
b' we present a study of the transit depth of the low - mass companion of hd 209458 , based on a sample of 73 transits observed with the _ hubble space telescope _  ⁇ 
b' the solar convection zone is a region of high helium abundance .  ⁇ n the helium abundance is lower by a substantial amount than the solar helium abundance .  ⁇ n the new abundances are inconsistent with helioseismic constraints .  ⁇ n the helium abundance is too low .  ⁇ n the helium abundance is too low .  ⁇ n the helium abundance is too low .  ⁇ n the helium abundance is too low .  ⁇ n the helium abundance is too low .  ⁇ n the helium abundance is too low .  ⁇ n the helium abundance is too low .  ⁇ n the helium abundance is too low .  ⁇ n the helium abundance is too low .  ⁇ n the helium abundance is too low .  ⁇ n the helium abundance is too low .  ⁇ n the helium abundance is too low .  ⁇ n the helium abundance is too low .  ⁇ n the helium abundance is too low .  ⁇ n the helium
b' we present a study of the magnetic activity in m dwarfs .  ⁇ n we use a sample of m dwarfs from the sloan digital sky survey ( sdss ) to study the relationship between activity and age .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new , high - resolution , and high - resolution map of the seyfert 2 galaxy ic 2560 , which contains an h@xmath0o megamaser .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate conformal invariance and quantum integrability of two dimensional non linear sigma models ( nlsm ) on symmetric supergroup manifolds .  ⁇ n we show that the nlsm on the supermanifold with @xmath0 symmetry is conformal in all orders of perturbation theory .  ⁇ n we also show that the nlsm on the supermanifold with @xmath0 symmetry is quantum integrable .  ⁇ n we also show that the nlsm on the supermanifold with @xmath0 symmetry is quantum integrable . '
b' we present a new method to measure the luminosity function of white dwarfs .  ⁇ 
b' we present new hst / wfpc2 images of the center of m87 .  ⁇ n we find a large number of globular clusters , and use these to constrain the dynamical evolution of globular clusters .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed calculation of the intensities of the multiphonon raman peaks in graphene .  ⁇ n the raman scattering involves an electron - hole pair as an intermediate state .  ⁇ n we show that the raman peaks are strongly sensitive to the dynamics of this electron - hole pair .  ⁇ n this is especially important as there are very few techniques giving experimental access to electron scattering rates , which , in turn , determine the transport properties of graphene samples .  ⁇ n the results of the present calculation are used to extract information about these parameters from the raman peak intensities , measured experimentally .  ⁇ n the raman intensities strongly depend on the electron scattering rate .  ⁇ n moreover , the electron - phonon and electron - electron contributions to this rate can be separated .  ⁇ n the results of the present calculation are used to extract information about these parameters from the raman peak intensities , measured experimentally . '
b' we derive a formula for the finite volume mass shift of s - wave bound states of two particles with reduced mass interacting via a potential with finite range .  ⁇ n the formula is valid for states with angular momenta up to @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we also derive a general formula for the finite volume mass shift for two - dimensional systems in a finite volume with periodic boundaries .  ⁇ n our results can be used as a diagnostic tool to probe the angular momentum and radial structure of the bound state wave function . '
b' we present a set of self - similar solutions for the steady - state structure of a magnetized accretion disk .  ⁇ n the self - similar solution corresponds to a flat rotation curve , while the disk has a fixed opening angle .  ⁇ n we show that the self - similar solution is a generalization of the self - similar solution for self - gravitating disks .  ⁇ n we also show that the self - similar solution is a generalization of the self - similar solution for self - gravitating disks .  ⁇ n we also show that the self - similar solution is a generalization of the self - similar solution for self - gravitating disks .  ⁇ n we also show that the self - similar solution is a generalization of the self - similar solution for self - gravitating disks .  ⁇ n we also show that the self - similar solution can be used to describe the spectral energy distribution of protostellar disks . '
b' we study the effect of the uncertainties in nuclear physics on the dm - nucleus cross section in the framework of isospin - violating dark matter ( ivdm ) .  ⁇ n we find that the dm - nucleus cross section is largely affected by the uncertainties in the nuclear charge distributions .  ⁇ n we also find that the dm - nucleon cross section is significantly affected by the uncertainties in the nuclear charge distributions .  ⁇ n we find that the dm - nucleus cross section is significantly affected by the uncertainties in the nuclear charge distributions .  ⁇ n we also find that the dm - nucleon cross section is significantly affected by the uncertainties in the nuclear charge distributions .  ⁇ n we also find that the dm - nucleon cross section is significantly affected by the uncertainties in the nuclear charge distributions .  ⁇ n we also find that the dm - nucleon cross section is significantly affected by the uncertainties in the nuclear charge distributions .  ⁇ n we also find that the dm 
b' we present a study of the magnetic field structure in white dwarfs .  ⁇ n we use a sample of 58 white dwarfs with a common proper motion ( cpm ) of @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we find that the incidence of magnetic fields in white dwarfs is a factor of @xmath1% .  ⁇ n the incidence of magnetic fields in white dwarfs with a common proper motion of @xmath1 is found to be @xmath2% .  ⁇ n the incidence of magnetic fields in white dwarfs with a common proper motion of @xmath3 is found to be @xmath3% .  ⁇ n the incidence of magnetic fields in white dwarfs with a common proper motion of @xmath4 k is found to be @xmath3% .  ⁇ n the incidence of magnetic fields in white dwarfs with a common proper motion of @xmath5 k is found to be @xmath4% .  ⁇ n the incidence of magnetic fields in white dwarfs with a common proper motion of @xmath6 k is found to be
b' we consider a molecule which , when attached to the leads , may posses both internal and center - of - mass vibrational modes .  ⁇ n the shape of the molecule and its position with respect to the leads oscillate .  ⁇ n the tunneling amplitude is modulated by the vibrational mode , which modulates the energy level of the molecular orbital .  ⁇ n the coupling to the breathing mode is also modulated by the electron density at the molecule .  ⁇ n the effect of the coupling to the breathing mode is to reduce the repulsive interaction among electron pairs occupying the molecular orbital .  ⁇ n the effect of the coupling to the breathing mode is to suppress the linear conductance in a new way which can not be described by an effective model with reduced repulsion .  ⁇ n the ground state properties of the system are discussed . '
b' we investigate the ability of a single - field slow - roll inflation model to estimate cosmological parameters .  ⁇ n we consider two scenarios : ( i ) a power - law fit to the cmb power spectrum , and ( ii ) a slow - roll fit to the _ planck _ data .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed analysis of the polarity inversion line ( pil ) of the post - eruption arcade of a twisted flux rope .  ⁇ n the polarity inversion line ( pil ) is a polarity inversion line ( pil ) , which is a polarity inversion line ( pil ) .  ⁇ n the pil is a polarity inversion line ( pil ) , and the pil is a polarity inversion line ( pil ) .  ⁇ n the pil is a polarity inversion line ( pil ) , and the pil is a polarity inversion line ( pil ) .  ⁇ n the pil is a polarity inversion line ( pil ) , and the pil is a polarity inversion line ( pil ) .  ⁇ n the pil is a polarity inversion line ( pil ) , and the pil is a polarity inversion line ( pil ) .
b' we study the spin - polarized bilayer quantum hall system with a total filling factor @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the hamiltonian of the system is mapped onto the lowest landau level ( lll ) and then using the hartree - fock approximation and gradient expansion .  ⁇ n the charge sector is explicitly projected out .  ⁇ n the functional form of the spin sector of the composite boson ( cb ) theory is the same as the easy plane quantum ferromagnet ( epqfm ) .  ⁇ n the cb theory is also able to classify all possible excitations in the bilayer quantum hall system .  ⁇ n the cb theory is also applied to study the incoherent disordered insulating side and the quantum phase transitions between different ground states .  ⁇ n we find that the cb theory is superior to the mcf approach in the balanced bilayer quantum hall system with broken symmetry .  ⁇ n the cb theory is also able to study the incoher
b' we present a new factor in the cosmic shear two - point correlation function , which is due to the gravitational lensing of a pair of galaxies at different redshifts .  ⁇ n this effect is much simpler than the intrinsic alignment effects , and can therefore be removed without requiring a detailed understanding of tidal interactions of galaxies .  ⁇ n we calculate this effect for elliptical dark matter halos for which the mass and light have the same ellipticity and orientation .  ⁇ n we find that the effect is stronger for halos with a higher ellipticity and orientation .  ⁇ n we also find that the effect is stronger for halos with a higher ellipticity and orientation .  ⁇ n we find that the effect is stronger for halos with a higher ellipticity and orientation .  ⁇ n we also find that the effect is stronger for halos with a higher ellipticity and orientation .  ⁇ n we find that the effect is stronger for halos with a higher ellipticity and orientation
b' we study the size distribution of voids in the cosmic void catalog ( cvc ) .  ⁇ n we find that the system of @xmath0-parameter log - normal distribution provides a fairly satisfactory model of the size distribution of voids .  ⁇ n we also show that the void size distribution is quite similar to the galaxy mass distribution .  ⁇ n we also show that the void size distribution is quite similar to the galaxy mass distribution .  ⁇ n pacs numbers : 98.80.-k , 98.80.-k , 98.80.-k '
b' we study the accretion on to the neutron star in be / x - ray binaries , using a three - dimensional smoothed particle hydrodynamics code .  ⁇ n the accretion rate is calculated using the simulated mass - capture rate by the neutron star .  ⁇ n the accretion rate is found to be @xmath0 , which is consistent with the observed x - ray luminosity .  ⁇ n the accretion rate is found to be @xmath1 .  ⁇ n the accretion rate is found to be @xmath1 .  ⁇ n the accretion rate is found to be @xmath1 .  ⁇ n the accretion rate is found to be @xmath1 .  ⁇ n the accretion rate is found to be @xmath1 .  ⁇ n the accretion rate is found to be @xmath1 .  ⁇ n the accretion rate is found to be @xmath1 .  ⁇ 
b' we study the phenomenology of a 2-higgs doublet model ( 2hdm ) with one active and one inert doublet .  ⁇ n we consider the scalar potential and the scalar potential , and we find that the scalar potential is sensitive to the scalar potential .  ⁇ n we also discuss the scalar potential and the scalar potential .  ⁇ n we find that the scalar potential is sensitive to the scalar potential , and the scalar potential is sensitive to the scalar potential .  ⁇ n we also discuss the scalar potential and the scalar potential .  ⁇ n we find that the scalar potential is sensitive to the scalar potential , and the scalar potential can be sensitive to the scalar potential .  ⁇ n we also discuss the scalar potential and the scalar potential .  ⁇ n we also discuss the scalar potential and the scalar potential .  ⁇ n we find
b' the ring - imaging erenkov counter ( rich ) is a fixed - target spectrometer with large angular acceptance .  ⁇ n it consists of tracking devices and devices used for particle identification .  ⁇ n the rich is a highly selective multi - level trigger system .  ⁇ n the first level trigger ( flt ) is a track search system built from custom - made electronics .  ⁇ n it performs a track search in the tracking detectors behind the spectrometer magnet .  ⁇ n the flt is sensitive to events with large hit multiplicities .  ⁇ n since the flt is a modular message - driven system , the message load in its network increases with the hit multiplicity which may introduce dead - time in the system .  ⁇ n therefore a mechanism to protect the flt from processing multi - interaction events is needed .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed analysis of the charged scalar lepton sector of the first and second generation , focusing on the production of smuons and sleptons at high - energy @xmath0 and @xmath1 colliders .  ⁇ n we discuss the one - loop corrections to the production cross - sections for the smuons and sleptons , and the corresponding corrections to the slepton masses .  ⁇ n we also discuss the sensitivity of the cross - sections to the yukawa couplings of the selectrons .  ⁇ n we find that the yukawa couplings of the selectrons are very sensitive to the yukawa couplings of the selectrons .  ⁇ n we also discuss the prospects for measuring the yukawa couplings of the selectrons in the continuum .  ⁇ n cern - ph - th/2005 - 056 + hep - ph/0505228 + hep - ph/05
b' we present a new nonlinear model for radial pulsation based on a time - dependent convective model .  ⁇ 
b' we report on the electronic structure and electronic structure of the natural superlattice @xmath0_ ⁇ x ⁇ [ ⁇ mathrm ⁇ bi ⁇ _ ⁇ 2 ⁇ mathrm ⁇ te ⁇ _ ⁇ 3 ⁇ ]_ ⁇ y ⁇ $ ] .  ⁇ 
b' we present the status of the fermilab p-877 experiment , a new experiment to measure the vacuum birefringence in a transverse magnetic field .  ⁇ n the experiment is based on a prototype 3.5 m high - finesse fabry - perot interferometer with ellipsometry .  ⁇ 
b' we present the first determination of the cosmic far - infrared background ( cfirb ) using the far - ir cobe data .  ⁇ n we show that the emissivity of dust in the ionised gas is nearly the same as that in the neutral gas .  ⁇ n this has consequences on the determination of the cfirb .  ⁇ n we also show that the cfirb spectrum obtained using the far - ir cobe data is in very good agreement with the first determination . '
b' we present a new classification scheme for galaxies based on the morphology of the _ hubble space telescope _  ⁇ 
b' in this paper , an automated method for diagnosis and healing of a given cell with poor performance is proposed .  ⁇ n the method is based on statistical learning of measured data and constraint optimization .  ⁇ n the method is denoted as statistical learning automated healing ( slah ) .  ⁇ n the method is iterative with a time resolution of a day and should therefore converge in a few iterations .  ⁇ n the performance of the slah is evaulated on an interference mitigation use case , namely an inter - cell interference coordination ( icic ) problem in a lte network .  ⁇ n the choice of this use case is motivated by the importance of interference mitigation in ofdma ( lte / wimax ) networks .  ⁇ n the performance of the slah is evaulated on an interference mitigation use case , namely an inter - cell interference coordination ( icic ) problem in a lte network .  ⁇ 
b' we study the vibrational properties of a si@xmath0h@xmath1 nanocluster using _ ab initio _ molecular dynamics simulations .  ⁇ n the vibrational modes are obtained from a trajectory of 46 ps , corresponding to 96,000 steps .  ⁇ n we find a blue - shift of the si - si vibrational modes with transverse acoustic characters and a red - shift of the other vibrational modes with increasing temperature .  ⁇ n we also see a broadening of all the vibrational modes with increasing temperature .  ⁇ n the former can be linked to the negative ( blue - shift ) and positive ( red - shift ) grneisen parameters along with the positive ( red - shift ) grneisen parameters along with the positive ( red - shift ) grneisen parameters .  ⁇ n the latter can be related to the negative grneisen parameters along with the positive grneisen parameters along with the positive grneisen parameters .  ⁇ n the latter can
b' we present the status of the mefos , the meudon eso fibre optical system , mounted at the prime focus of the 3.6 m eso telescope .  ⁇ n it is a generalisation of the eso fibre optics system , which was built by the observatoire de paris , france .  ⁇ 
b' we study the bps sector of the @xmath0 theory , which is a generalization of the @xmath1 theory .  ⁇ 
b' the thermodynamics of a system of @xmath0 identical fermions in a parabolic potential in the presence of a homogeneous magnetic field is studied .  ⁇ n the method used is an extension of the combination of the path integral formalism and the method of symmetrized density matrices , developed previously for a model system of harmonically interacting identical particles in a parabolic well .  ⁇ n the permutation symmetry is taken into account with the aid of the projection technique .  ⁇ n the partition function and other thermodynamical quantities are obtained from the generating function .  ⁇ n the ground state energy and the magnetic susceptibility in the zero - temperature limit are investigated .  ⁇ n the finite number corrections to the thermodynamic limit for the free energy and the internal energy as a function of temperature and magnetic field are also investigated . '
b' we present a method for detecting the vacuum component of an optical field .  ⁇ 
b' we study the implicit lagrangian systems associated with dirac structures on the cotangent bundles induced from given constraint distributions .  ⁇ n we show that the implicit lagrangian systems , namely , _  ⁇ n euler - lagrange equations _ for unconstrained systems can be derived from the hamilton - pontryagin principle .  ⁇ n we also show that the implicit lagrangian systems , namely , _  ⁇ n controlled port - controlled hamiltonian systems _ , can be formulated in the context of lagrange - dalembert - pontryagin principle .  ⁇ n we also show that the implicit lagrangian systems , namely , _ controlled port - controlled hamiltonian systems _ , can be formulated in the context of lagrange - dalembert - pontryagin principle .  ⁇ n we also show that the implicit lagrangian systems , namely , _ controlled port - controlled hamiltonian systems _
b' we study the vortex dynamics under the action of a perpendicular ac magnetic field .  ⁇ n we found a rich vortex polarity dynamical behavior , including the regular and chaotic regimes of magnetization reversal .  ⁇ n we used the discrete reduced core model , which allows us to describe different regimes of vortex polarity dynamics , including the resonant behavior , the weakly nonlinear regimes , the reversal dynamics , and the chaotic regime .  ⁇ n we used the reduced core model to describe the complicated temporal evolution of the vortex polarity , including the resonant behavior , the weakly nonlinear regimes , the reversal dynamics , and the chaotic regime .  ⁇ n we found that the vortex polarity dynamics is governed by the resonant behavior , the weakly nonlinear regimes , and the chaotic regime .  ⁇ n the vortex polarity dynamics is characterized by the resonant behavior , the weakly nonlinear regimes ,
b' we study the large deviations of the current injected in a non - conservative stochastic system with a fast stirring and a glauber dynamics .  ⁇ n the large deviation functional derived in measures the cost of observing a joint deviation of the density and the currents .  ⁇ n we show that the local conservative current fluctuations are produced by a different mechanism than in the case of conservative dynamics .  ⁇ n this instability of the steady state leads to a new kind of dynamical phase transition for the current .  ⁇ n we also discuss the fluctuation relation for the entropy production and show that the entropy production is no longer proportional to the current injected in the system , but depends in a complex way on the currents and the density . '
b' we present results of integral - field spectroscopy of nebulae surrounding the ultraluminous x - ray sources ( ulxs ) ss433 , ngc6946 and ic342 .  ⁇ n the nebulae are located in bubble - like nebulae .  ⁇ n the nebulae are located in the nebulae of ss433 .  ⁇ n the nebulae are located in bubble - like nebulae .  ⁇ n the nebulae are easy to observe even from  ⁇  megaparsec distances '' .  ⁇ n we discuss the properties of the nebulae around ss433 and ulxs in holmberg ii , ngc6946 and ic342 galaxies .  ⁇ n we discuss possible properties of the funnel in the supercritical accretion disk of ss433 .  ⁇ n we conclude that ss43
b' we present a toy model of a bose einstein condensate of weakly interacting bosons .  ⁇ n the model is based on the formalism of second quantization .  ⁇ n the ground state of the system is characterized by a macroscopic occupation number of a single particle .  ⁇ n while this toy model is far from representing an analogue of a realistic theory of gravity , it gives nevertheless some insights on some interesting features of emergent theories . '
b' we report the detection of the 609 @xmath0 fine structure line of neutral atomic carbon ( ci ) in the helix planetary nebula .  ⁇ n the observations , made towards the position of peak co emission , reveal multiple , narrow ( 12 ) ci components which we unambigouly associate with the globules through mapping the components in co. the observations reveal that ci is a major constituent of the neutral gas in the globules .  ⁇ n the observations reveal multiple , narrow ( 12 ) ci components which we associate with the globules through mapping the components in co. the observations reveal that ci is a major constituent of the neutral gas in the globules .  ⁇ n the ci abundances in the globules are @xmath1=@xmath2=@xmath3 , and @xmath4=@xmath5 .  ⁇ 
b' we present a software package that extends the functionality of phonon and climax to arbitrarily large systems and extends the normal mode analysis ( nma ) analysis already available for larger systems to include k - vector dependence .  ⁇ n the software reads a hessian matrix of force constants , constructs and diagonalises the dynamical matrix for any k - vector and calculates neutron and x - ray scattering observables .  ⁇ n the computational bottleneck remains the diagonalisation of correspondingly large dynamical matrices and we comment on approximations that have to be used when the brillouin zone can not be sampled at a large number of points .  ⁇ n we present two methods for simplifying this information .  ⁇ n the first entails summing over displacement vectors over atoms in user - defined beads and the second involves a reduction of the degrees of freedom in the dynamical matrix by summing over force constants .  ⁇ n the first method entails summing over force
b' we study a type of resampling procedure for markov chains .  ⁇ n we show that the weighted ensemble ( we ) sampling is exact even when the bins and the number of replicas per bin are chosen adaptively .  ⁇ n we show that this adaptive sampling can be significantly better than traditional we sampling .  ⁇ n we show in a simple model that this adaptive sampling can be significantly better than traditional we sampling . '
b' we extend the dynamical generalized polynomial chaos ( dgpc ) method to the setting of stochastic partial differential equations ( spdes ) driven by white noise .  ⁇ n the dgpc algorithm utilizes a restart procedure and constructs polynomial chaos expansions ( pces ) dynamically in time by using orthogonal polynomials of the projections of the solution at the current steps and the future random forcing .  ⁇ n this allows the algorithm to keep reasonably sparse random bases and mitigate the curse of dimensionality and loss of optimality .  ⁇ n we propose at each restart to use the karhunen loeve expansion to compress the solution into a representation involving a finite number of random modes , i.e. , a projection onto a lower dimensional manifold .  ⁇ n we demonstrate the performance of the dgpc algorithm in the case of a gaussian white noise .  ⁇ 
b' we present experimental results on an  ⁇  one - way light path '' laser diffraction experiment , which shows clearly that the speed of light depends on the propagation direction .  ⁇ n the effect is observed as a amplified doppler shift in the diffraction images as function of the laser beam alignment relative to the earth s velocity vector .  ⁇ n the experiment is an improved version of light diffraction suggested by c. m. g. lattes in 1980 .  ⁇ n the experiment is mounted in the shell of the tupi muon telescope and that shows clearly that the speed of light depends on the propagation direction .  ⁇ n the effect is observed as a amplified doppler shift in the diffraction images as function of the laser beam alignment relative to the earth s velocity vector .  ⁇ n the experiment is an improved version of light diffraction suggested by c. m. g. lattes in 1980 .  ⁇ n the experiment is an improved version of light diffraction suggested by c. m. g
b' we construct a group structure on a set @xmath0 of lines simultaneously tangent to @xmath1 quadrics of some confocal family in the @xmath2-dimensional euclidean space .  ⁇ n this group structure is a billiard algebra .  ⁇ n we show that any two lines in @xmath0 can be obtained from each other by at most @xmath1 billiard reflections at some quadrics from the confocal family .  ⁇ n we also introduce new hierarchies of notions : of @xmath3-skew lines in @xmath0 , @xmath4-weak poncelet trajectories of length @xmath5 and of @xmath3-weak poncelet trajectories of length @xmath5 .  ⁇ n these results are further generalizations of our recent description of cayley s type of poncelet polygons in arbitrary dimension . '
b' we study the dynamics of spherical b - phase bubbles growing in a bath of undercooled a - phase .  ⁇ 
b' we describe the classification of legendrian rational unknots in lens spaces .  ⁇ n we give a complete classification for the lens spaces @xmath0 and @xmath1 .  ⁇ n we also describe the classification for @xmath1 .  ⁇ n we also describe the expected number of legendrian rational unknots in a contact surgery diagram . '
b' we describe a laboratory experiment to detect a transiting extrasolar planet around the star hd 209458 .  ⁇ n the experiment is based upon that of laboratory aimed at 1st year undergraduate students at the university of birmingham .  ⁇ n the aim of this experiment is to use observations made of the brightness of the star , hd 209458 , to determine the orbital period of the planet .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new method to determine the star formation rate ( sfr ) of galaxies at low redshift .  ⁇ n we use the sfr - based sfr - based sfr - based sfr - based sfr - based sfr - based sfr - based sfr - based sfr - based sfr - based sfr - based sfr - based sfr - based sfr - based sfr - based sfr - based sfr - based sfr - based sfr - based sfr - based sfr - based sfr - based sfr - based sfr - based sfr - based sfr - based sfr - 
b' the pf131010 ciechanw fireball was observed by cameras of the _ polish fireball network _ , which is a project whose main goal is regularly monitoring the sky over poland in order to detect bright fireballs occurring over the whole territory of the country .  ⁇ n the pf131010 ciechanw fireball was observed by five _ pfn _ video stations .  ⁇ n the trajectory and orbit of the fireball were calculated .  ⁇ n the asteroid 2010 tb54 was found to be a member of the pf131010 ciechanw asteroid .  ⁇ n the asteroid 2010 sx11 was found to be a member of the pf131010 ciechanw asteroid .  ⁇ n the asteroid 2010 sx11 was found to be a member of the pf131010 ciechanw asteroid .  ⁇ n a similar resemblance of orbits is found for 2010 sx11 asteroid . '
b' we report hysteresis loops of individual magnetic flux - closure dots , whose orientation is controlled by the magnetic field applied along the inner magnetization direction .  ⁇ n the dots exhibit a large sign - asymmetry of the switching field , and even the absence of switching .  ⁇ n micromagnetic simulations suggest that the shape of the dots can strongly modify the switching mechanisms of the nel caps , and thereby induce an asymmetry when the shape itself is asymmetric . '
b' we report on the discovery of eight new pulsars , based on drift scan searches of the arecibo sky .  ⁇ n the pulsars are a few tens of pc in diameter , and are likely to be weak sources with flux densities of order 0.5 to 1 mjy .  ⁇ 
b' we present a theoretical model for formation of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons ( pahs ) , fullerenes , and other ordered carbon structures in the interstellar medium .  ⁇ n the model is based on the phenyl radical - phenyl radical - phenyl radical - phenyl radical - phenyl radical - phenyl radical - phenyl radical - phenyl radical - phenyl radical - phenyl radical - phenyl radical - phenyl radical - phenyl radical - phenyl radical - phenyl radical - phenyl radical - phenyl radical - phenyl radical - phenyl radical - phenyl radical - phenyl radical - phenyl radical - phenyl radical - phenyl radical - phenyl radical - phenyl radical - phenyl radical - phenyl radical 
b' we investigate theoretically a phenomenon of electric - field driven edge spin accumulation in a thin strip of a two - dimensional electronic system .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the geometrothermodynamics of black holes with born - infeld and maxwell sources in three and four dimensions .  ⁇ n we show that the curvature singularities of the known metrics are exactly located at the phase transition points .  ⁇ n we also investigate the thermodynamic properties of the black holes with born - infeld and maxwell sources .  ⁇ n we show that the geometrothermodynamics of black holes with born - infeld and maxwell sources is a good tool to investigate the phase transitions in the black holes . '
b' we investigate the effect of nonlinear resonance in the induced process of free electron laser ( fel ) on free electrons .  ⁇ n we show that the nonlinear resonance is a necessary ingredient to obtain the net energy change of field - free electrons .  ⁇ n we show that the nonlinear resonance is a necessary ingredient to obtain the net energy change of field - free electrons .  ⁇ n we also show that the nonlinear resonance can be used to generate relativistic electron beams of low energy spreads and emittances . '
b' we have performed a series of _ ab initio _ calculations of the optical properties of silicon carbide ( sic ) nanotubes ( nts ) .  ⁇ n the chirality of sic - nts is determined by the chirality of the nts .  ⁇ n the chirality of sic - nts is determined by the chirality of the nts .  ⁇ n the chirality of sic - nts is determined by the chirality of the nts .  ⁇ n the chirality of sic - nts is determined by the chirality of the nts .  ⁇ n the chirality of sic - nts is determined by the chirality of the nts .  ⁇ n the chirality of sic - nts is determined by the chirality of the nts .  ⁇ n the chirality of sic - nts is determined by the chirality of the
b' we study the inflationary parameters , @xmath0 and @xmath1 , at the two loop level in the einstein frame .  ⁇ n the scalar fluctuations , @xmath2 , and the tensor - to - scalar ratio , @xmath1 , are calculated in the framework of the renormalization group ( rg ) improved effective potential .  ⁇ n the spectral index and the tensor - to - scalar ratio are independent of the scalar quartic coupling , @xmath3 , at the tree level .  ⁇ n the spectral index and the tensor - to - scalar ratio are independent of the scalar quartic coupling , @xmath4 , at the tree level .  ⁇ n the spectral index and the ten
b' we study the transport of a projectile driven by a net force @xmath0 through a strongly coupled plasma .  ⁇ n the projectile is modeled as a discrete particle , and the projectile is modeled as a discrete particle .  ⁇ n the projectile is driven by a net force @xmath1 , and the projectile drifts in the direction parallel to the driving force .  ⁇ n the projectile drifts at an average velocity @xmath2 , and the projectile drifts at a velocity @xmath3 .  ⁇ n the projectile drifts at a velocity @xmath4 , which is a function of @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the projectile drifts at a velocity @xmath5 , which is a function of @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the projectile drifts at a velocity @xmath4 , which is a function of @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the projectile drifts at a velocity @xmath4 , which is 
b' we study the breaking stress of neutron star crust .  ⁇ n we suggest a simple expression for the durability of neutron star crust material at a given stress .  ⁇ n this expression gives the lifetime of elastic deformations ( mountains ) and allows one to extract the breaking stress for the timescale of the process of interest ( a few years for pulsar glitches , for example ) .  ⁇ n we also note the possible application of our results to the physics of dusty plasmas .  ⁇ n we note that the breaking stress can be measured in the laboratory as a threshold stress .  ⁇ n it can be measured in the laboratory as a threshold stress .  ⁇ n we also note the possible application of our results to the physics of dusty plasmas .  ⁇ n we also note the possible application of our results to the physics of dusty plasmas .  ⁇ n we also note the possible application of our results to the physics of dusty plasmas .  ⁇ n we also note the possible application of our results to the physics of dusty plasmas .  ⁇ n we show
b' we present a new method for calculating the radio emission properties of ultra high energy cosmic rays and neutrinos .  ⁇ 
b' we present a distributed service oriented architecture ( soa ) model for the maia astronomical imager .  ⁇ n the model is based on a set of ontologies , which represent the knowledge of a particular domain as a set of concepts , and relationships between pairs of those concepts .  ⁇ 
b' we report on the discovery and follow - up observations of the optical and near - infrared transients ( nirt and ott ) of the gamma - ray burst grb990705 .  ⁇ 
b' we have designed a novel technique for direct optical access to grain boundaries in ice .  ⁇ n the technique consists of a cell of ice growth cells and a light reflection technique .  ⁇ n the crystal orientations and reflected light intensity are measured in thermodynamic equilibrium .  ⁇ n the approach incorporates temperature measurement and control , impurity control , a method for crystallographic orientation measurement , and optical access for light .  ⁇ n the technique allows continuous monitoring of the intensity of light reflection from a grain boundary as thermodynamic variables are changed .  ⁇ n the results of the approach are in excellent agreement with theoretical analysis . '
b' in this paper , we consider a large - scale cache - enabled wireless network with asynchronous and spatially distributed content requests .  ⁇ n we propose a novel temporal - spatial aggregation - based multicasting scheme to enhance multicasting opportunities so as to improve spectral efficiency .  ⁇ n the proposed multicasting scheme creates more multicasting opportunities at the same energy and delay costs compared with the existing multicasting schemes .  ⁇ n we derive a tractable expression for the successful transmission probability in the general region , utilizing tools from stochastic geometry .  ⁇ n using asymptotic approximations , we derive closed form successful transmission probabilities in the large delay region as well as the large and small user density regions , respectively .  ⁇ n the asymptotic results reveal that the successful transmission probability increases and the energy consumption decreases at the cost of delay increase in these asymptotic regions .  ⁇ n the analysis in this paper offers a new understanding of the energy - throughput - delay tradeoff for massive content delivery in
b' we present new fundamental stellar parameters for the binary star hd 99492 , including spectral analysis , discussion of element abundances , and activity indices .  ⁇ n we also present photometry from 5 observing seasons acquired over a span of 11 years .  ⁇ n the photometric data confirm the absence of brightness variations in phase with the orbital period of planet b , thus confirming the radial velocity variations in hd 99492 on a 17 day cycle are due to planetary reflex motion .  ⁇ n our limited number of brightness measurements near the predicted phase of planetary transit fall short of ruling them out . '
b' we calculate the orbital magnetic moment @xmath0 in single - wall carbon nanotubes in the tight binding approximation .  ⁇ n we find that in undoped nanotubes the character of the magnetic moment depends only on the chirality of the nanotube , its length and the temperature of the system .  ⁇ n on the other hand , in hole- or electron - doped nanotube
b' we present a theoretical model of the interaction of wind - driven structures with a stationary wind - wind - interaction zone .  ⁇ n we show that the interaction of such structures with a stationary wind - wind - interaction zone is a very general feature of highly compressible turbulence .  ⁇ n we discuss the physics of the interaction of single wind - inhomogeneities with a stationary wind - wind - interaction zone .  ⁇ n we then generalize that picture to the collision of structured winds .  ⁇ n we conclude that the interaction of single wind - inhomogeneities with a stationary wind - wind - interaction zone is a very general feature of highly compressible turbulence . '
b' we study the abelian version of the stochastic manna model .  ⁇ n we use the algebra of the addition operators to determine the steady state .  ⁇ n we determine a generalized eigenvector basis in which the addition operators reduce to jordan block form .  ⁇ n we also define a transformation matrix between this basis and the configuration basis .  ⁇ n we determine the numerically exact steady state of the model for systems of size up to @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we determine the asymptotic density profile by extrapolating the results . '
b' we study the infrared behavior of the thermodynamic pressure in the massless @xmath0 scalar theory in six dimensions .  ⁇ n we use the modified self - consistent resummation ( mscr ) to perform the resummation of an infinite subset of diagrams .  ⁇ n we show that only one resummation of the self - energy is enough to obtain an infrared divergent free result .  ⁇ n we also obtain an analytic ( finite ) expression for the pressure which was computed in two approximations .  ⁇ n pacs numbers : 11.15.ha , 11.15.ha , 11.15.hw '
b' i review the current status of intermediate polars , concentrating on the x - ray and optical side .  ⁇ 
b' we survey the spectral theoretic results of @xcite and @xcite .  ⁇ n we also discuss the substitution of the laplacian on the schreier graphs describing the action of grigorchuk s group of intermediate growth .  ⁇ n we also discuss the connection between schrdinger operators with aperiodic order and the substitutional dynamics arising from a presentation of the group by generators and relators .  ⁇ 
b' we study the energy landscape of a spin glass with a non - thermal algorithm , called extremal optimization ( eo ) .  ⁇ n we show that the eo algorithm reaches a rapidly growing succession of high - energy records , projecting the search through configuration space by an exponentially growing hamming distance between consecutive low - energy record configurations .  ⁇ n this is in stark contrast to the thermal algorithm , which reaches a rapidly growing succession of high - energy records .  ⁇ n we present a set of measures which characterize the difficulty of local searches and the complexity of the landscape .  ⁇ n we also present a set of measures which characterize the complexity of the landscape . '
b' we present a new method for determining the concentrations of small crystals in ice clouds .  ⁇ n we use a two - mode parametrization of the size spectra to parametrize a general circulation model ( gcm ) .  ⁇ 
b' we study time evolution of a wave packet representing a fermion in the harmonic oscillator potential with spin - orbit coupling .  ⁇ n we show that the spin - orbit pendulum phenomenon occurs in the case of a linear classical trajectories of a particle .  ⁇ 
b' we study the electronic excitations in graphene in the field of the aharonov - bohm flux .  ⁇ n we focus on the specific case of the dirac fermions in the field of solenoid .  ⁇ 
b' we study the dynamics of a quantum rotor in a random quenched environment .  ⁇ n we consider a model with a finite range interaction and a finite - range interaction .  ⁇ 
b' we present results from a monte carlo study of the effects of including energy and momentum conservation in the bfkl evolution .  ⁇ n we find that the contribution of the bfkl gluon radiation to the parton momentum fractions ( at lhc energies ) decreases the parton flux in such a way as to approximately cancel the rise in the subprocess cross section with increasing dijet rapidity separation ( @xmath0 ) .  ⁇ n we also find that the contribution of the bfkl gluon radiation to the parton momentum fractions ( at lhc energies ) reduces the parton flux in such a way as to approximately cancel the rise in the subprocess cross section with increasing dijet rapidity separation ( @xmath0 ) . '
b' we consider the use of weather derivatives to provide protection against high impact , low probability business losses caused by extremes in the weather .  ⁇ n we model losses and price derivatives using actuarial techniques originally developed to price insurance .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the collective modes of charge oscillations in chiral gapless electron - hole systems in three dimensions .  ⁇ n we calculate the plasmon modes and the energy loss functions ( spectral strength ) in gapless semimetals with an isotropic band dispersion and multi - weyl semimetals with an anisotropic band dispersion .  ⁇ n we find that the long - wavelength plasmons lie outside the landau damping regions due to the depolarization effects arising from the interband transitions .  ⁇ n for the systems with higher - order dispersions , the long - wavelength plasmons lie outside the landau damping regions , and therefore they do not decay by producing electron - hole pairs .  ⁇ n for the systems with an anisotropic band dispersion , the long - wavelength plasmons lie outside the landau damping regions , and therefore they do not decay by producing electron - hole pairs .  ⁇ n for the systems with an anisotropic band dispersion , the long - wavelength 
b' in this contribution we present results of simulations of a fractional - order system with the aim to investigate the stability of such system .  ⁇ n we present results of simulations of a fractional - order @xmath0 controller .  ⁇ n we present results of simulations of fractional - order @xmath0 controller .  ⁇ n we also present results of analysis of fractional - order @xmath0 controller .  ⁇ n fractional - order @xmath0 controller , fractional - order system , fractional - order system , stability analysis , bode analysis '
b' we propose a new disk encryption method based on sdms .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the distribution of molecular fraction , @xmath0 , in a galactic disk , by analyzing the distribution of molecular fraction as a function of galacto - centric radius .  ⁇ n we find that the distribution of molecular fraction is asymmetric , and that the molecular fraction varies significantly across the disk .  ⁇ n the molecular fraction is almost unity in the central a few kpc region , and decreases suddenly at a certain radius to almost zero .  ⁇ n the molecular fraction is almost unity in the central a few kpc region , and decreases suddenly at a certain radius to almost zero .  ⁇ n the molecular fraction is almost unity in the central a few kpc region , and decreases suddenly at a certain radius to almost zero .  ⁇ n the molecular fraction is almost unity in the central a few kpc region , and decreases suddenly at a certain radius to almost zero .  ⁇ 
b' we study the scaling behavior of the mach number @xmath0 and the mach number @
b' we present hubble space telescope ( hst ) near infrared camera and multi - object spectrograph ( nicmos ) observations of 19 stars previously observed from the ground .  ⁇ n these stars span the color range of @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the nicmos observations were taken with the cit / ctio system .  ⁇ n the nicmos observations were obtained with the nicmos array .  ⁇ 
b' i derive the dependence of the cosmological parameters derived from the cosmic microwave background ( cmb ) data on the skewness of the primordial fluctuations .  ⁇ n the parameters are the primordial slope , the baryon and cold dark matter rescaled density parameters , and the cosmological constant density parameter .  ⁇ n the skewness of the fluctuations is assumed to be gaussian .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a pds observation of the bl lac 1es 1101232 .  ⁇ 
b' we present near - infrared spectroscopy of the ultraluminous infrared galaxy arp 220 .  ⁇ n we find that the ratio of the infrared luminosity to the br@xmath0 luminosity of arp 220 is lower by a factor of ten than what is observed in lower - luminosity starburst galaxies .  ⁇ n this could in part be due to absorption of the ionizing photons by the ionizing photons .  ⁇ n we also find that the ratio of the br@xmath1 luminosity to the infrared luminosity of arp 220 is lower by a factor of ten than what is observed in lower - luminosity starburst galaxies .  ⁇ n this could in principle be due to absorption of the ionizing photons by the ionizing photons .  ⁇ n we also find that the ratio of the br@xmath1 luminosity to the infrared luminosity of arp
b' we present a study of the reaction @xmath0 , where @xmath1 is the pion mass .  ⁇ n the reaction was performed with a proton beam from the jinr phasotron at an energy of about 216 mev .  ⁇ n the energy spectrum of the photons emitted at @xmath2 was measured and compared with the predictions of the canonically quantized biskyrmion model .  ⁇ n the results of the analysis of the uppsala proton - proton bremsstrahlung data gave only upper limits of 10 and 3 nb for the production cross section at proton beam energies of 200 and 310 mev , respectively .  ⁇ n the results of the analysis of the uppsala data gave only upper limits of 10 and 3 nb for the production cross section at proton beam energies of 200 and 310 mev , respectively .  ⁇ n the results of the analysis of the uppsala proton - proton bremsstrahlung data gave only upper limits
b' we present the results of a search for planetary companions within 1 au of a sample of 200 metal - poor dwarfs .  ⁇ n the sample has been selected from the carney - latham and ryan samples of metal - poor field stars .  ⁇ n we have obtained hires spectra of the stars , and have compared the spectra with those of field stars .  ⁇ 
b' active magnetic bearings ( ambs ) are actively controlled in a variety of rotating machines .  ⁇ n the bias flux is usually set to a fraction of the saturation flux of the electromagnet .  ⁇ n this procedure facilitates the design of the amb  ⁇  control  ⁇ ' flux , which is superimposed on the bias flux .  ⁇ n while lowering or eliminating the bias flux is desirable in order to minimize power losses in the amb system , it enhances the nonlinearities and may lead to a control saturation or singularity .  ⁇ n the design of amb controllers with reduced power loss is a challenging problem . in this paper  ⁇ n , we consider the problem of stabilizing an amb model with the constraint that the input voltages are amplitude limited .  ⁇ n we use a forwarding - like method to design a control law of arbitrarily small amplitude that renders the amb system globally asymptotically stable to the origin .  ⁇ n we provide an explicit construction for a  ⁇  global ' control lyapunov function
b' we study the field emission or cold emission from metals .  ⁇ n we find that the field emission process is a non - classical process , which is a quantum mechanical phenomenon .  ⁇ 
b' we report on a new rossi x - ray timing explorer ( rxte ) observation of the gamma - ray pulsar psr b1706 - 44 .  ⁇ n we have detected x - ray pulsations from this pulsar , and have compared the rxte spectra with theoretical models of the pulsed radiation mechanism .  ⁇ 
b' we discuss the weyl curvature tensor in a homogeneous but anisotropic model and in an inhomogeneous lematre - tolman model .  ⁇ n we show that the weyl curvature tensor has an entropic behaviour .  ⁇ n we also discuss the entropic behavior of the weyl curvature tensor in the homogeneous but anisotropic bianchi type i model and in the inhomogeneous lematre - tolman model .  ⁇ n we also discuss the entropic behavior of the weyl curvature tensor in the inhomogeneous lematre - tolman model . '
b' we construct quantum hall liquids on a non - anticommutative superplane .  ⁇ n the non - anticommutative superplane is realized by introducing super gauge fields .  ⁇ n the lagrangian and hamiltonian formalisms for one - particle system on the non - anticommutative superplane are developed .  ⁇ n the system possesses ( complex ) @xmath0 supersymmetry , one of which is dynamical and the other is non - dynamical .  ⁇ n a supersymmetric landau problem is analyzed .  ⁇ n in each of the higher landau levels , there exists @xmath0 supersymmetry , while in the lowest landau level , only the @xmath1 non - dynamical supersymmetry remains valid .  ⁇ n we explicitly construct radially symmetric orbit states , which form a  ⁇  complete  ⁇ ' ⁇ ' basis in the hilbert space .  ⁇ n we explicitly construct radially symmetric orbit states , which form a  ⁇  complete  ⁇ ' ⁇ ' basis
b' we present new very long baseline array ( vlba ) images of the radio jets of the high powered quasars pks 0607@xmath0273 and 3c279 .  ⁇ 
b' the transiting exoplanets ( exoplanets ) will be detected by the _ corot _ mission of cnes and nasa s _ kepler _ mission .  ⁇ n although transit measurements are currently corrected to the heliocentric julian date ( hjd ) to account for finite light travel time differences with the earth s orbital phase , they are not corrected for the ( smaller ) effect of parallax .  ⁇ n parallax effects may also confuse efforts to utilize transit timing to characterize orbital precessions and those seeking the presence of other planetary objects in a system .  ⁇ n however , parallax effects can also provide a new tool for characterizing exoplanet systems .  ⁇ n we briefly state the nature and approximate magnitude of parallax effects and discuss their potential uses . '
b' we present the results of a study of the hi 21 cm - line absorption toward cygnus a using the westerbork synthesis radio telescope .  ⁇ n the absorption was detected at lsr velocities of 40 km s@xmath0 and 70 km s@xmath1 , respectively .  ⁇ n the optical depth of the warm neutral medium along the line of sight to cygnus a is ( 8.9 @xmath0 1.9)@xmath2 10@xmath3 at 70 km s@xmath1 and ( 8.5 @xmath0 2.0)@xmath2 10@xmath3 at 40 km s@xmath1 , respectively .  ⁇ n the spin temperature of the warm neutral medium is 6000 @xmath0 1700 and 4800 @xmath0 1600 k , respectively .  ⁇ n the spin temperature of the warm neutral medium is estimated to be 6000 @xmath0 1700 k .  ⁇ n the spin temperature of the warm neutral
b' we investigate the best environment for looking for massive relic galaxies .  ⁇ n we use simulations and observations , and compare the fraction of relics with the fraction of massive galaxies in clusters .  ⁇ n we find that the fraction of relics is higher in clusters , while the fraction of massive galaxies is higher in clusters .  ⁇ n we also find that the fraction of relics is higher in clusters . '
b' we study nonequilibrium steady states of a driven @xmath0 spin chain in contact with reservoirs aligning the boundary spins along the @xmath1-axis .  ⁇ n the spin chain is driven by a lindblad master equation , where a unitary evolving part is complemented with a lindblad dissipative action .  ⁇ n we show that the spin chain is driven by a boundary bath of polarization aligning the boundary spins along the @xmath2-axis , so that the first and the last spin tend to be antiparallel .  ⁇ n we show that the current is completely suppressed by the twisting angle of the boundary spins , making a non - zero current .  ⁇ n we also show that the current is suppressed by the twisting angle , resulting in a non - zero current .  ⁇ n we also show that the current is suppressed by the twisting angle , whereas the current is suppressed by the twisting angle .  ⁇ n we also show that the current
b' we present a first - principles based numerical study of the edge localised mode ( elm ) phenomenon in a toroidal magnetised plasma .  ⁇ n the elm phenomenon is characterized by a strong , quasi - periodic expulsion of energy and particles from the edge of the toroidal field line region .  ⁇ n the elm phenomenon is characterized by a strong , quasi - periodic expulsion of energy and particles from the edge .  ⁇ n the elm phenomenon is characterized by a strong , quasi - periodic expulsion of energy and particles from the edge .  ⁇ n the elm phenomenon is characterized by a strong , quasi - periodic expulsion of energy and particles from the edge .  ⁇ n the elm phenomenon is characterized by a strong , quasi - periodic expulsion of energy and particles from the edge .  ⁇ n the elm phenomenon is characterized by a strong , quasi - periodic expulsion of energy and particles from the edge .  ⁇ n the elm
b' we present a theoretical framework to describe the dynamics of thermalization between two cold gases confined in a box or in a harmonic trap .  ⁇ n we explicitly take into account all partial waves involved in the collision process , and we work out the role played by the confinement in all collisional regimes .  ⁇ n since the basic mechanism described by the boltzmann equation is binary collisions , two - component systems exhibit all the complexities of @xmath0-component systems .  ⁇ n the generalization of the results to systems containing more than two species is therefore straightforward . '
b' we present a detailed analysis of the post - outburst spectra of the recurrent nova ci aql .  ⁇ 
b' we study the deconfinement transition in protoneutron stars employing a nonlinear walecka model which includes hadrons , electrons , and electron neutrinos in equilibrium under weak interactions .  ⁇ n we employ the mit bag model including the effect of color superconductivity and neutrino trapping .  ⁇ n we show that the transition density for bubbles with radii around @xmath0 fm is almost coincident with the bulk transition density and that the nucleation rate of such droplets is huge .  ⁇ n we also investigate the effect of other parametrizations of the hadronic equation of state ( gm1 and nl3 ) , the effect of hyperons in the hadronic phase , and analyze in more detail the effect of trapped neutrinos and color superconductivity .  ⁇ n we show that the transition density for bubbles with radii around @xmath1 fm is almost coincident with the bulk transition density and that the nucleation rate of such droplets is huge .  ⁇ n we also show that the effect
b' we study the nonequilibrium steady state of a lattice gas of two species of particles and holes on a fully periodic lattice in two spatial dimensions .  ⁇ n we consider the kls model , a minimal model for nonequilibrium steady states , and the shz model , a non - interacting two - species model .  ⁇ 
b' we present a recursive method to compute the forced response of periodic structures .  ⁇ 
b' we present a self - consistent quasiparticle random - phase approximation ( qrpa ) calculation of collective excitations in nuclei far from stability .  ⁇ n the qrpa is a microscopic approach that is particularly effective in conjunction with skyrme energy functionals .  ⁇ n we evaluate the accuracy of the qrpa and rpa calculations .  ⁇ 
b' we present a measurement of the average mass of a sample of 9 deg@xmath0 clusters selected from the spitzer adaptation of the red - sequence cluster survey ( sparcs ) .  ⁇ 
b' sdssp j133739.40 + 000142.8 is a new white dwarf with a strong collision - induced absorption ( cia ) .  ⁇ n this star is the first such star found by the sloan digital sky survey ( sdss ) .  ⁇ n it is likely to have a temperature of @xmath04000 k , and is probably cooler than the two previously known sub-4000 k white dwarfs .  ⁇ n lhs 3250 , previously the white dwarf with strong collision - induced absorption , is also reported .  ⁇ n both ( re)discoveries indicate that sdss can find other similar stars . '
b' we have searched for wide - separation lensed qso systems in a catalogue of 22,163 qsos that comprises the recently completed 2df qso survey (  ⁇  the 2qz survey '' ) .  ⁇ n we have obtained high signal - to - noise spectra in an attempt to eliminate obvious non - lensed systems and to identify systems that are likely to be genuine lensed systems .  ⁇ n we have found six systems which are likely to be lensed .  ⁇ n we have also obtained higher signal - to - noise spectra in an attempt to eliminate obvious non - lensed systems and to identify systems that are likely to be genuine lensed systems . '
b' we present a detailed analysis of the stellar surface density profiles of the outer parts of the palomar 5 globular cluster , based on a sample of 89 globular clusters with a median redshift of @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we find that the surface density profiles of the outer parts of the clusters are significantly flatter than those of the haloes , extending also outside the tidal radius of the corresponding king model .  ⁇ 
b' in this paper , we investigate the nonlinear dynamics of plasma oscillations .  ⁇ n the model and equation of motion , the resonant states , the chaotic behavior are investigated .  ⁇ n the effects of differents parameters in general and in particular on the effect of the hybride quadratic parameter @
b' a numerical method for a 1-d inverse medium problem in the frequency domain is developed .  ⁇ n the performance of this method is tested on both computationally simulated and experimental data .  ⁇ n propagation of electromagnetic waves is used in experiments .  ⁇ n a theorem about the global convergence of our method is proved .  ⁇ n coefficient inverse problems , globally convergent numerical method , coefficient inverse problem , frequency domain . '
b' we study the full quantum mechanical dynamics of a free electron in a two - dimensional quantum well with spin - orbit coupling and a perpendicular magnetic field .  ⁇ n we show that the spin - orbit coupling leads to a spin - dependent energy splitting of the subbands , which leads to a _ zitterbewegung _ of the electrons .  ⁇ 
b' we present a fitting formula for the two - point correlation function of dark matter halos in hierarchical clustering models .  ⁇ n the accuracy of the fit is about @xmath0 in the mass range @xmath1 .  ⁇ n we have measured the two - point correlation functions of dark matter halos in a large set of high - resolution n - body simulations .  ⁇ n each simulation uses @xmath2 particles , and each simulation uses @
b' we present a new model for the formation of low - mass x - ray binaries ( lmxbs ) .  ⁇ n the model is based on a simple , unified , and unified treatment of the evolution of a massive star and a low - mass companion .  ⁇ 
b' we introduce a simple growth mechanism of copying that generates sparse networks in which the average node degree diverges logarithmically with system size .  ⁇ n we dub these log - networks .  ⁇ n we use the master equation approach to derive basic geometric properties of the network .  ⁇ n we then compare our prediction about the logarithmic growth of the average degree with data from physical review citations . '
b' we study the ( m+1)ssm in its simplest version with only dimensionless couplings in its superpotential and universal boundary conditions for the soft supersymmetric breaking terms at the gut scale .  ⁇ n we implement the most recent experimental constraints on sparticles , higgs and top quark masses from the lep and the tevatron .  ⁇ n we explain the results of our numerical procedure with the help of analytic approximations and inequalities among the parameters .  ⁇ n we also discuss the features of the particle spectrum , correlations among the particle masses and features which are in common with or different from the mssm .  ⁇ n pacs numbers : 12.60.jv , 12.60.jv , 12.60.jv '
b' we study the muon - to - electron conversion in nuclei @xmath0 , focusing on the non - photonic mechanism .  ⁇ n we show that the non - photonic mechanism is a promising tool for determining the underlying mechanisms of lepton flavor violation .  ⁇ 
b' we report on the detection of strong h@xmath0 emission in the young brown dwarf sori55 ( sorij053725.9023432 ) , which was previously identified as a cool , very low mass substellar member of the @xmath2orionis open cluster .  ⁇ n the h@xmath0 emission is clearly detected in the spectra of the member sori55 , which was previously identified as a cool , very low mass substellar member of the @xmath2orionis open cluster .  ⁇ n the h@xmath0 emission is dominated by a ring - like structure , with a radial extent of @
b' we present a broadband spectral survey toward the sagittarius b2(n ) star - forming region , based on a spectral survey of the herschel heterodyne instrument for the far infrared ( hifi ) .  ⁇ 
b' we study the problem of establishing entanglement between remote nodes of quantum networks .  ⁇ n we consider a network of interacting qubits , and a chain of nearest - neighbor ( nn ) bonds .  ⁇ n we show that even optimal local operations and classical communication ( locc ) strategies only allow the establishment of entanglement between distant nodes that decays exponentially with both the distance and the quality of entanglement of nn bonds .  ⁇ n we also show that in 2d and higher dimensions , the possibilities for protocols are greatly expanded .  ⁇ n we also show that the most straightforward , naive protocol the one we use as a baseline to evaluate other protocols is the one we term _ classical entanglement percolation ( cep ) _ ( cep ) , although it does not allow the establishment of entanglement between distant nodes that decays exponentially with both the distance and the quality of entanglement of nn bonds .  ⁇ n we also show that in 2d and higher dimensions , the possibilities for protocols
b' we present a purely circuit - based approach to realize the unambiguous discrimination of any pair of multi - mode single photon states and of even more such states .  ⁇ n the method can be simplified considerably if we improve on the necessary circuits .  ⁇ n we also present a purely circuit - based approach without teleportation to realize the transformations in the form of tensor product with two other photons of the input multi - photon state .  ⁇ n this kind of transformations can be realized without ancilla and with a quantity of circuit resources scaling linearly to the photon number in input states .  ⁇ n we also present a purely circuit - based approach without teleportation to realize the transformations in the form of tensor product with two other photons of the input multi - photon state .  ⁇ n this kind of transformations can be realized without ancilla and with a quantity of circuit resources scaling linearly to the photon number in input states .  ⁇ 
b' we study the causal structure of quantum spacetime in the framework of linearly polarized gravitational waves .  ⁇ n we show that the free hamiltonian is a function of the physical hamiltonian .  ⁇ n we show that the full hamiltonian is obtained by adding a specific type of terms to the free part , namely , just functions of it .  ⁇ n we use this to study the smearing of the light cones due to quantum gravity effects .  ⁇ n we also study the microcausality of the model .  ⁇ n we show that the smearing of the light cones due to quantum gravity effects is a consequence of the presence of a hamiltonian bounded from above . '
b' we compare two different monte carlo simulation methods to simulate a model of interacting hard spheres .  ⁇ n brownian cluster dynamics and event driven brownian dynamics are used to simulate the system .  ⁇ n the two methods are compared and the structure factors and the cluster size distributions are compared .  ⁇ 
b' we study the effects of general relativity ( gr ) on the aligned pulsar magnetosphere .  ⁇ n we construct gr force - free simulation of the aligned rotator and show that the polar pair cascade is restored in gr .  ⁇ n the implications of these findings are discussed . '
b' we study the lightcurve of the supernova ( sn ) 2006 oz in the context of the dual - shock nova ( dsqn ) model .  ⁇ n we show that the main peak and the precursor of sn2006 oz are self - consistently fit by the dsqn model .  ⁇ 
b' recent measurements of polarization observables from the clas collaboration are presented .  ⁇ n the observables include single- and double - pion photoproduction off the proton and quasi - free off the bound neutron .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a _ chandra _  ⁇ n study of the fine x - ray variations of the sagittarius a@xmath0 complex .  ⁇ 
b' we study the effect of cooperative scattering on the absorption and emission properties of a cold atomic cloud .  ⁇ n we show that the cooperative scattering can be characterized by a superradiant enhancement of the spontaneous decay rate .  ⁇ n the cooperative scattering also leads to a suppression of radiation pressure .  ⁇ n this suppression is limited by the inhomogeneity of the atomic cloud and is only limited by the inhomogeneity of the atomic cloud . '
b' we investigate the magnetic excitations ( mes ) in n - type cuprates using the bogoliubov - de gennes ( bdg ) formalism .  ⁇ 
b' we present a scheme for obtaining nanopatterns of ge on si by ion sputtering .  ⁇ 
b' in a reverberant environment , the relative transfer function ( rtf ) is a valuable tool to estimate the source direction .  ⁇ n however , in practice , noise and reverberations are often present and contaminate the rtf estimation .  ⁇ n we propose a new rtf estimator based on the spectral subtraction of the acoustic transfer functions ( atfs ) , which is a more efficient method to remove noise .  ⁇ n the proposed estimator is based on the spectral subtraction of the acoustic transfer functions ( atfs ) , and is based on the spectral subtraction of the acoustic transfer functions ( atfs ) .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed study of the electromagnetic counterparts of gravitational waves ( gws ) from the merger of compact binaries .  ⁇ n we focus on the case of a binary neutron star ( ns ) - black hole ( bh ) merger .  ⁇ 
b' we present a suite of fully non - linear simulations of turbulent stellar convection .  ⁇ 
b' we present a set of 3d magnetohydrodynamic simulations that demonstrate continuous formation of prominence condensations in a coronal cavity .  ⁇ n the prominences are assumed to be confined by a helical magnetic flux rope .  ⁇ 
b' we study the effects of left - right supersymmetric models on the chargino sector .  ⁇ n we consider a general unconstrained model , assuming arbitrary phases , and find the combinations of angles that would affect the phenomenology , as well as experimentally testable signals from the chargino sector .  ⁇ 
b' we study the conformations of self - avoiding polymers in two dimensions ( 2d ) by means of molecular dynamics simulations .  ⁇ n we show that the contours of the chain conformations are fractal , minimizing the average perimeter length @xmath0 of chains and subchains .  ⁇ 
b' we study the one - loop effective potential of the higgs field in the framework of the gauge group @
b' we revisit the deflection angle in the strong deflection limit in the reissner - nordstrm black hole spacetime and investigate the effect of the electrical charge on retrolensing light curves and the separation of a double image .  ⁇ n we revise a strong deflection limit analysis investigated by bozza to obtain the deflection angle in the strong deflection limit analytically .  ⁇ n we also discuss the relation between the deflection angle in the strong deflection limit and the quasinormal modes and the high - energy absorption cross section . '
b' we argue that the soft x - ray source rx j0720.4 - 3125 is an isolated neutron star accreting from its surroundings .  ⁇ n the x - ray spectrum is best fit by a black body of @xmath0 ev with a hydrogen absorption column density of @
b' the atlas experiment at the large hadron collider ( lhc ) provides beam related timing signals to the atlas sub - detectors via optical fibers that are several kilometers long .  ⁇ n the phase of these clock signals can drift , e.g. due to temperature fluctuations , causing front - end electronics to sample at non - optimal working point .  ⁇ n this paper describes how these detectors are used * to monitor the phase between the collisions and the lhc clock signals that drive the atlas electronics * to monitor the structure and uniformity of the lhc beams * as input to the trigger system * as a stand - alone monitoring system for the lhc bunches and timing signals .  ⁇ n the scope of this paper enables capturing a full lhc turn in one acquisition while retaining enough detail to get about 5 measurement points on the sharp - side of atlas .  ⁇ n the bptx stations are comprised of four electrostatic button pick - ups arranged symmetrically in the transverse
b' we study the single parameter scaling ( sps ) hypothesis for the conductance distribution of disordered systems .  ⁇ n we show that the sps hypothesis holds for the one - dimensional anderson model .  ⁇ n we also show that the sps hypothesis holds for the two - dimensional anderson model .  ⁇ n we also show that the sps hypothesis holds for the two - dimensional anderson model .  ⁇ n we also show that the sps hypothesis holds for the two - dimensional anderson model . '
b' the characterization of the high - resolution spectrum of water isotopologues from experiment and theory is a prerequisite for modelling and understanding of various processes in many fields in chemistry , physics , earth sciences and engineering .  ⁇ n the diverse areas of interest include : 1 .  ⁇ n atmospheric modelling , with emphasis on the definitive understanding of global warming as water vapour is responsible for about 70 % of the known absorption of sunlight and the majority of the greenhouse effect ; 2 .  ⁇ n atmospheric remote sensing and environmental monitoring , since the performance of satellites in the earth s atmosphere is sensitive to water absorption between 3 and 400 ghz ; 3 .  ⁇ n atmospheric remote sensing and environmental monitoring ; 5 .  ⁇ n studies of planetary and exoplanetary atmospheres ; 6 .  ⁇ n astronomy , for example , where hot steam is a major constituent of most combustion processes ; 6 .  ⁇ n astronomy , for example , where hot steam is a major constituent ; 5 .  ⁇ n astronomy , for example
b' we present a theoretical study of the nonlinear frequency conversion of a lithium niobate whispering gallery mode resonator into the optical domain .  ⁇ n the resonator is irradiated by a microwave signal with the frequency near a free spectral range of 8 ghz .  ⁇ 
b' we study the photo - assisted shot noise of a one dimensional correlated system : a hall bar in the fractional hall regime , for which charge transport occurs via two counter - propagating chiral edges states .  ⁇ n we consider the superposition of a dc bias with a time dependent perturbation .  ⁇ n we show that the current noise derivative with respect to the bias exhibits steps whose height is specified by bessel functions .  ⁇ 
b' the nonlinear wave dynamics in a collision - less unmagnetized quantum plasma with two types of electrons , namely , degenerate and non - degenerate , and additional neutralizing background inertial ions is investigated .  ⁇ n the korteweg de vries ( kdv ) evolution equation is solved using the korteweg de vries ( kdv ) method .  ⁇ n the stationary solution to the kdv evolution equation is obtained .  ⁇ n the results obtained here cab be helpful in astrophysical dense - plasmas such as white dwarfs . '
b' we present results of a study of the dynamical effects in the coulomb breakup of @xmath0f .  ⁇ n we use a schematic model for the breakup of a valence proton , which is based on the faddeev equations including the coulomb potential .  ⁇ n we find that the angular distributions of @xmath0f + @xmath1ni and @xmath0f + @
b' we study the effect of velocity - strengthening friction on the dynamics of rupture fronts , with a special focus on the nucleation , propagation and arrest of rupture fronts .  ⁇ n we explore three variants of a realistic rate - and - state friction law , one which is purely velocity - weakening , one which crosses over at higher velocities to logarithmic velocity - strengthening friction , and one which crosses over to linear velocity - strengthening friction .  ⁇ n we show that the presence or absence of velocity - strengthening friction at relatively high slip velocities can significantly affect the global interfacial resistance ( strength ) and the global interfacial strength , even under quasi - static loading conditions .  ⁇ n different forms of velocity - strengthening friction , in our case logarithmic and linear , give rise to events of similar magnitude , yet with dramatically different dissipation and radiation rates .  ⁇ n the difference stems from the broad range of the underlying rupture propagation velocities , where stronger velocity - strengthening friction promote
b' we report on the first very low frequency ( vlf ; 3@xmath030 khz ) detection of short repeated gamma - ray bursts from a magnetar sgr j1550@xmath05418 .  ⁇ n vlf amplitude and phase changes caused by short repeated gamma - ray bursts from this object were measured by the south america vlf network ( savnet ) tracking system .  ⁇ n the amplitude and phase changes of vlf signals were compared with gamma - ray fluences measured by _  ⁇ nintegral _ satellite .  ⁇ n the amplitude and phase changes of vlf signals were found to be larger than those of goes x - class solar flares .  ⁇ n the amplitude and phase changes of vlf signals were found to be larger than those of goes x - class solar flares .  ⁇ n the amplitude and phase changes of vl
b' we present numerical results for the density of tunneling states in the archetypal disordered lattice kbr@xmath0(cn)@
b' we study the interplay of correlations and disorder in two - dimensional systems .  ⁇ n we consider a system in which the correlations are strong , and the disorder is modeled by a local mean field theory .  ⁇ n we show that the interplay of correlations and disorder can be described by a nonperturbative renormalization group approach .  ⁇ 
b' we study the formation of cosmic strings using a cubic lattice and a complex gaussian field with long - range correlations .  ⁇ n we find that the initial field has a power spectrum of the form @xmath0 , and that the fraction of infinite strings is reduced by a factor of @xmath1 for @xmath2 .  ⁇ n we also examine the effect of smoothing the initial field to remove lattice effects .  ⁇ n we find that the former change has a dramatic effect on the string fraction , sharply reducing the string fraction for @xmath1 .  ⁇ n smoothing also affects the fraction of infinite strings , leading to lattice - free estimates of the fraction in infinite strings . '
b' we study the nonlinear semi - stability of embedded solitons in the perturbed integrable fifth - order korteweg - de vries equation .  ⁇ n we show that the nonlinear semi - stability of embedded solitons is a nonlinear phenomenon beyond linear stability .  ⁇ n we also show that the nonlinear semi - stability of embedded solitons is a nonlinear phenomenon beyond linear stability . '
b' we present a theoretical study of the equilibrium structure and kinetics of a heteropolymer with a gaussian distribution of the monomer amphiphilic strength .  ⁇ n the gaussian self consistent method is extended to the case of inhomogeneous monomer interactions .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed radiative , time - dependent nebula model for the pulsar wind nebula ( pwn ) of 3c 58 .  ⁇ n the model includes a pulsar wind termination shock , a pulsar wind nebula , and a pulsar wind nebula .  ⁇ 
b' the low energy concentrator spectrometer ( lecs ) on - board bepposax is one of the narrow field instruments on - board bepposax .  ⁇ n it has a very good spectral resolution at 0.110 kev and operates in the range 1.310 kev .  ⁇ n the lec
b' this paper presents a new approach to improve the current practices of monitoring of the verification activities in critical software projects .  ⁇ n the approach is based on the integration of optimization mechanisms that includes all the information regarding the compliance statement of the applicable norm .  ⁇ 
b' we consider two different models of optimization , one of which is the traveling salesman problem and the other is a statistical mechanical model of sorting .  ⁇ n we perform dynamical simulations of relaxation after a deep quench to explore the energy landscape for each of the models .  ⁇ n we find that the spectrum of energies is identical .  ⁇ n this implies that the partition functions are also identical and all static properties will be the same .  ⁇ n however , the hamiltonians are different and the energy each hamiltonian assigns to a given state is not the same .  ⁇ n we investigate the local dynamics after a deep quench and show how it displays very different behavior for each model : in one case the ( sorted ) ground state is eventually found , in the other case it is not .  ⁇ n the difference in behavior is identified as being due to rather different energy landscapes , with stable local minima in one hamiltonian but not the other .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed analysis of the recent and forthcoming experimental study of central pb  ⁇ 
b' we present a new technique for analyzing gravitational - wave ( gw ) signals from compact binary coalescence ( cbc ) .  ⁇ n the method is based on the matched filtering technique and is based on the gaussian - matched filtering technique .  ⁇ n the method is applied to the gw signals from a binary neutron star ( bns ) , a binary black hole ( bbh ) and a binary neutron star ( bns ) .  ⁇ n the method is applied to the gw signals from a binary bns and a binary bbh .  ⁇ n the method is applied to the gw signals from a binary bns and a binary bbh .  ⁇ n the method is applied to the gw signals from a binary bns and a binary bbh .  ⁇ n the method is applied to the gw signals from a binary bns and a binary bbh .
b' we propose a new algorithm for genetic relatedness test ( grt ) based on a cloud - based framework .  ⁇ n the algorithm is based on a _  ⁇ n _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
b' we present a new method for determining the atmospheric structure of exoplanets .  ⁇ 
b' we study a system of two distant quantum dots weakly coupled to a common cavity mode .  ⁇ n we show that dressing of one of the quantum dots by the laser field can be effectively readout by the optical emission of a second quantum dot , in addition to the cavity emission .  ⁇ n this result is a significant advance over previous work in the use of quantum dots for solid state quantum networks , as it demonstrates the feasibility of information transfer between distant quantum dots / cavity pairs for quantum information processing . '
b' we show that a new class of stochastic processes can be devised that can elucidate the connection between quantum mechanics and stochastic processes .  ⁇ n these processes are characterized by the presence of a bernoulli process yielding the values @xmath0 and @xmath1 , exactly as expected in the volume quantization in noncommutative geometry .  ⁇ n we also determine how spin is needed also in the non - relativistic limit .  ⁇ n we also obtain dirac equation for a free particle .  ⁇ n these processes are characterized by the presence of a bernoulli process yielding the values @xmath1 and @xmath0 , exactly as expected in the volume quantization in noncommutative geometry .  ⁇ n we use the euler maruyama technique to prove the existence of this class of stochastic processes .  ⁇ n we also numerically obtain the kernel of the schrdinger equation . '
b' we present the @xmath0 luminosity function ( lf ) of galaxies in the coma cluster , derived from the _ hubble deep field _  ⁇ 
b' we study the complementarity of the current results on searches for supersymmetry with the atlas and cms detectors at the lhc .  ⁇ n we show that even in a very limited slice of the supersymmetric parameter space , there exists a very high degree of _ complementarity _ between direct and indirect searches for dark matter and the current results on searches for supersymmetry with the atlas and cms detectors at the lhc .  ⁇ 
b' we study the crossover from a superfluid to a bose - einstein condensate in a gas of fermionic atoms .  ⁇ n we use a feshbach resonance to enhance the interatomic couplings .  ⁇ 
b' we construct a minimal model of cold dark matter ( cdm ) , based on a conformal - invariant dark sector , and analyze it against the latest results from planck and lhc .  ⁇ 
b' we consider the problem of online update of a pareto archive composed of mutually non - dominated solutions when a new candidate solution shows up .  ⁇ n we consider multiobjective metaheuristics ( momhs ) that generate iteratively new candidate solutions and use them to immediately update pareto archive .  ⁇ n we consider the problem of updating pareto archive with a new solution @xmath0 .  ⁇ 
b' we present the discovery of 17 new extremely low mass ( elm ) white dwarfs ( wds ) .  ⁇ n these objects are identified from spectra previously obtained for the hypervelocity star ( hvs ) survey .  ⁇ n we have obtained spectroscopy of the wds in the hvs survey , and have analyzed the spectra of previously - identified wds .  ⁇ 
b' we present a comparison between the weak gravitational lensing and the flexion formalism to reconstruct the projected mass distribution from the shear and flexion measurements .  ⁇ 
b' we present a preliminary idea of deploying a lightweight micro cloud infrastructure in the sky using indigenously built low cost drones , single board computers and lightweight virtualisation technologies such as unikernels / dockers .  ⁇ n we present a preliminary idea of deploying a lightweight micro cloud infrastructure in the sky using single board computers and lightweight virtualisation technologies such as unikernels / dockers .  ⁇ n we present the preliminary ideas on such a system that can be instantaneously deployed on demand .  ⁇ n we also present a few preliminary results on such a system . '
b' we consider a georgi - glashow model conformally coupled to gravity .  ⁇ n we construct an action which is both conformally invariant and generally covariant .  ⁇ n the scalar field is conformally coupled to the scalar field and the metric is given by the weyl tensor squared instead of the einstein - hilbert term .  ⁇ n we find that the effective action after symmetry breaking is dominated by einstein gravity in the long distance or low energy regime .  ⁇ n we also discuss the metric outside the core of the monopole and find that the metric corresponds to schwarzschild - ads outside the core of the monopole .  ⁇ n pacs numbers : 04.20.dw , 04.20.dw , 04.20.dw '
b' we study the fractional quantum hall effect in a two - dimensional insulator with a chiral sublattice symmetry .  ⁇ 
b' we present new be and oxygen abundances in old disk - population f - type field stars with available lithium measurements .  ⁇ n the results of detailed abundance analyses via lte spectral synthesis are presented .  ⁇ n the be and o abundances are derived using an nlte analysis of the infrared triplet at 77717775 .  ⁇ n oxygen abundances of 37 stars are derived using an nlte analysis of the infrared triplet at 77717775 .  ⁇ n the results of the analysis are compared with those of other f - type field stars . '
b' we present a theoretical study of the radiative heat transfer between two metallic gratings , based on the fourier modal method .  ⁇ n the gratings are modeled by means of a spherical harmonic oscillator , and the reflection upon each grating is calculated by means of the factorization rule .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new design for a silicon - based ion trap based on a silicon substrate .  ⁇ n the substrate is patterned by a combination of optical lithography and etching .  ⁇ 
b' we show that hanbury - brown and twiss interference can reveal the quantum nature of entanglement of two - particle mixed gaussian states .  ⁇ n we show that it is possible to construct a witness operator , closely related to the hanbury - brown and twiss interference , that probe entanglement of a mixed einstein - podolsky - rosen state .  ⁇ n we discuss the entangled properties of time resolved interference of the epr state .  ⁇ n we show that the deep in hom interference can provide a useful tool to study quantum separability of continuous - variable gaussian epr states . '
b' we investigate the identifiability problem of viscoelastic models represented by an arbitrarily complex spring - dashpot network .  ⁇ n we show that the identifiability of the model is a necessary condition for the practical or numerical identifiability problem .  ⁇ n we also introduce a identifiability table , which allows not only to check but also to construct an arbitrarily complex identifiable spring - dashpot network .  ⁇ n our results show in a remarkably simple way how to verify whether the model is ( locally or globally ) structurally identifiable .  ⁇ n in case it is unidentifiable , our method provides an explanation why this is the case and how to reformulate the problem .  ⁇ n moreover , the existing methods usually allow to establish the identifiability only _ a posteriori _ , i.e. after concrete systems have been established .  ⁇ n moreover , our method provides an explanation why this is the case and how to reformulate the problem .  ⁇ n moreover 
b' we consider a model of a thick brane with two time - dependent spinor fields having an arbitrary potential energy and with a cosmological term taken into account .  ⁇ n the off - diagonal components of the energy - momentum tensor of each spinor field are excluded .  ⁇ n the model is completely static , when all physically measurable quantities ( the metric function and the spinor field ) are to be time - independent .  ⁇ n the solution is completely static , when all physically measurable quantities ( the metric function and the spinor field ) are to be time - independent .  ⁇ n the solution is completely static , when all physically measurable quantities ( the metric function and the spinor field ) are to be time - independent .  ⁇ n the next step is to examine a model when a spinor field is time - dependent .  ⁇ n we choose two spinor anstze in such a way that the off - diagonal components of the energy - momentum tensor of every spinor field would have the opposite signs and anni
b' we consider a double slit interference experiment in which coherent electrons can take either one of two paths .  ⁇ n the coupling to the quantized electromagnetic field allows for photon emission by the electrons , leading to decoherence .  ⁇ n the emission of photons leads to entanglement between the quantum state of the electrons and that of the photons .  ⁇ n finally , photon emission is capable of revealing  ⁇  which path '' information . '
b' we present a new analysis of the h1 and zeus data on the charm structure function of the proton .  ⁇ n we find that the h1 data are consistent with a small component of charm which is intrinsically non - perturbative in origin .  ⁇ 
b' the opera experiment uses the long baseline cngs neutrino beam to study the @xmath0 oscillations in appearance mode .  ⁇ n the main goal of the experiment is to measure the appearance of the @xmath0 lepton with high efficiency and low background .  ⁇ n the opera detector is made of two identical super modules each consisting of a target section of about 900 ton made of lead / emulsion - film emulsion cloud chamber modules ( bricks ) , of a scintillator tracker detector needed to pre - localize neutrino interactions within the target , and of a muon spectrometer .  ⁇ n the opera detector operated very satisfactorily during the first run .  ⁇ n the preliminary measurement of the beam features along with the collection of a number of neutrino interactions consistent with the integrated beam intensity of 7.6 gev protons on target , yielding a preliminary measurement of the beam features along with the collection of a number of neutrino interactions consistent with the integrated beam intensity of 7.6 gev protons on target .
b' we present scanning tunnelling microscopy ( stm ) images of the quasicrystalline surface of _ i_-alpdmn .  ⁇ n the images reveal a dense distribution of dark pentagonal holes , with edge - length circa @xmath0 , oriented parallel to each other .  ⁇ n the stm images are compared with a geometric model for atomic positions of an f - phase .  ⁇ 
b' we present new and x - ray observations of the edge - on spiral galaxy ngc 4945 .  ⁇ n the x - ray imaging reveals a complex morphology within the nuclear region of ngc 4945 and a complex ring morphology , with a total x - ray luminosity of @xmath0 erg s@xmath1 .  ⁇ 
b' we consider the casimir effect for the radiation field confined between two conducting plates .  ⁇ n the size of the plates edge is l. the first plate is placed at @xmath0 in the @xmath1 plane and the second at @xmath3 parallel to the @x
b' we present a new model for the x ray spectra of black hole binaries .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new algorithm for boosting based on gradient descent techniques .  ⁇ 
b' i discuss the properties of the x - ray binary aquila x-1 during its hard - soft transition .  ⁇ 
b' the theory of electromagnetic radiation emitted by a bunch of ultra - relativistic positrons channeling through a periodically deformed crystal ( a crystalline undulator ) is developed .  ⁇ n the developed formalism is applied to calculate the number of the emitted photons and the brilliance of the radiation formed in crystalline undulators .  ⁇ n the developed formalism is applied to calculate the number of the emitted photons and the brilliance of the radiation formed in crystalline undulators .  ⁇ n the results of the developed theory are compared with the results of the numerical simulations . '
b' we investigate the collective effects of a quantum dot array on the spectral purity of emitted light .  ⁇ n we show that the spectral purity of emitted light is a function of the dot size .  ⁇ n the spectral purity of emitted light is a function of the dot size .  ⁇ n the spectral purity of emitted light is a function of the dot size .  ⁇ n the spectral purity of emitted light is a function of the dot size .  ⁇ n the spectral purity of emitted light is a function of the dot size .  ⁇ n the spectral purity of emitted light is a function of the dot size .  ⁇ n the spectral purity of emitted light is a function of the dot size .  ⁇ n the spectral purity of emitted light is a function of the dot size .  ⁇ n the spectral purity of emitted light is a function of the dot size .  ⁇ n the spectral
b' we study the derivation of bell inequalities for a class of observables , which are essentially , undefined photon numbers .  ⁇ n we consider the case of a strongly driven type - ii parametric down conversion , which we shall call bright squeezed vacuum .  ⁇ 
b' energy harvesting ( eh ) is a promising technology for self - sustainable wireless networks .  ⁇ n a number of companies are already offering system solutions consisting exclusively of eh sensor nodes .  ⁇ n eh - powered wireless networks have attracted growing interest in recent years .  ⁇ n existing works on eh communications mostly addressed offline optimizations , where the eh profiles were assumed to be known _ a priori_. however , in practical scenarios , complete predictability of eh profiles is clearly an over - simplified assumption . in this paper , we re -  ⁇ n establish a systematic framework to develop and analyze the stochastic online control schemes for eh wireless networks with such imperfect batteries .  ⁇ n specifically , we propose a data - backpressure based scheduling and degenerated energy - queue based power allocation scheme that can maximize the utility of data rates for eh multi - hop wireless networks , without requiring any statistical knowledge of the stochastic channel , data - traffic , and battery imperfections .  ⁇ n specifically
b' we point out that the charged vector meson condensation does not occur in qcd in a strong magnetic field .  ⁇ n we also study how the charged vector meson mass depends on a magnetic field in lattice qcd . '
b' the shearing sheet model is used to study the dynamics of a galactic disk embedded in a live dark halo .  ⁇ n the disk is assumed to be infinitesimally thin and its radial size is much smaller than the disk .  ⁇ n the velocity field of the differential rotation of the disk is approximated by a linear shear flow .  ⁇ n the angular momentum exchange between the disk and the halo is analyzed analytically and the resulting angular momentum distribution is analyzed .  ⁇ n the angular momentum distribution of the disk is found to be a schwarzschild distribution .  ⁇ n the angular momentum distribution of the disk is found to be a spherical distribution .  ⁇ n the angular momentum distribution of the disk is found to be a spherical distribution .  ⁇ n the angular momentum distribution of the disk is found to be a spherical distribution .  ⁇ n the angular momentum distribution of the disk is found to be a spherical distribution .  ⁇ n the
b' we have performed a vla survey of nearby galaxies with optical emission - lines to identify compact , flat - spectrum radio cores with high brightness temperatures .  ⁇ n we have also performed a distance - limited survey of galaxies with emission - lines within 19 mpc .  ⁇ n we have found that a significant fraction of low - luminosity agn ( llagn ) with seyfert or liner spectra have compact cores with brightness temperatures of the order of @xmath0 k. the remaining fraction of llagn with seyfert or liner spectra is dominated by star formation .  ⁇ n we have also made a follow - up observation with the vlba of these cores .  ⁇ n we find that the cores are a significant fraction of the total population of llagn with seyfert or liner spectra .  ⁇ n the cores are mainly dominated by star formation .  ⁇ 
b' we present a morphological study of the sloan digital sky survey ( sdss ) galaxies .  ⁇ n we have obtained a color - magnitude diagram ( cmd ) of the galaxies in the redshift range @xmath0 .  ⁇ 
b' we discuss the leptogenesis scenario by the decay of the lightest neutral component of fermion triplet .  ⁇ n we show that the kinematical effect of the leptogenesis mechanism is very sensitive to the symmetry of the model .  ⁇ n we also discuss the phenomenological implications of the leptogenesis scenario .  ⁇ 
b' we study the zero temperature phase diagram of a quasi - one - dimensional imbalanced fermi gas in the presence of a random phase approximation .  ⁇ 
b' we present a kinetic monte carlo study of the dynamics of a binary lennard - jones system .  ⁇ n the system is modeled by a stoddard - ford shifted , truncated lennard - jones potential , with a cutoff at @
b' we study low - energy scattering from a point defect in a hard - walled , multimode quantum wire .  ⁇ n we model the impurity as a wave scatterer , and show that the scattering from the waveguide walls is renormalized .  ⁇ n we show that the conductance dips observed in the wire are a consequence of interference effects .  ⁇ 
b' in this paper , we investigate the achievable rate region of the @xmath0-user siso interference channel ( ic ) with improper gaussian signaling ( igs ) .  ⁇ n the ic is characterized by minimizing the mean squared error ( mse ) and the corresponding error probability .  ⁇ 
b' we introduce a new local two - electron parameter @xmath0 , which measures the tightness of the correlation hole around an electron , in the generalized local - density approximation ( glda ) .  ⁇ 
b' we study the phase transitions of a holographic superconductor in the probe limit .  ⁇ n we use the variational method to obtain the critical properties of the system .  ⁇ 
b' the lambert w function is a function of the transcendental equation @xmath0 .  ⁇ 
b' we study the decision problem of deciding whether a given graph @xmath0 can be colored with a given number of colors .  ⁇ n we show that the decision problem is pspace - complete .  ⁇ 
b' we present a few mode galerkin model for the concentration field of a binary fluid .  ⁇ n the model is based on a careful analysis of the concentration balance in liquid mixtures .  ⁇ n the model describes the whole bifurcation scenario from stable squares at onset up to stable rolls .  ⁇ 
b' the judidt readout system was developed for the small angle neutron scattering ( sans ) instrument kws1 at the forschungszentrum jlich .  ⁇ n the system was modified for a later use at the kws2 experiment at frm - ii .  ⁇ n the judidt readout system was used for the data acquisition of a novel anger camera prototype .  ⁇ n the characterization of the stand - alone electronics was performed at several neutron test - beam facilities in europe .  ⁇ n the results of the characterization measurements were discussed . '
b' we have measured the low - frequency resistance fluctuations ( 1 mhz@xmath0f@xmath010 hz ) in ag nanowires of diameter 15 nm @xmath1 d @xmath1 200 nm .  ⁇ n the wires were electrochemically grown in templates of anodic alumina or polycarbonate .  ⁇ n the noise has a spectral power density @xmath2 and the magnitude of noise increases as the size is reduced .  ⁇ n the noise is larger ( @xmath3 ) than what one would expect from a simple extrapolation of hooge s relation to this domain .  ⁇ n the exponent @xmath4 also deviates from @xmath5 as the diameter of the nanowire is reduced .  ⁇ n the noise in the metallic nanowires is larger ( @xmath4 ) than what one would expect from a simple extrapolation of hooge s relation to this domain .  ⁇ n the exponent @xmath3 also devia
b' the spectrometer at the mami microtron has been recently dismantled at the sis facility at gsi .  ⁇ n the spectrometer is a very compact magnetic spectrometer suitable especially for the detection of kaons .  ⁇ n the spectrometer is a compact magnetic spectrometer suitable for the detection of kaons .  ⁇ n the spectrometer is based on a segmented scintillator with 30 paddles read out at both ends by fast photomultipliers .  ⁇ n the charge distributions of particles through are analysed by the centre - of - gravity method .  ⁇ n the coincidence time spectrum for the p@xmath0 reaction is presented .  ⁇ n the kaon - to - pion ratio is found to be @xmath1 .  ⁇ n the kaon - to - pion ratio is found to be @xmath2 .  ⁇ n the kaon - to - pion ratio is found to be @xmath3 
b' dielectronic recombination ( dr ) is a powerful tool for studies of highly charged ions .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the kinematics of the solar neighborhood .  ⁇ n we consider a model for the non - axisymmetric galactic structure , based on the bulirsch - stoer algorithm .  ⁇ n we investigate the kinematic response to the non - axisymmetric galactic structure , in particular to the non - axisymmetric components .  ⁇ n we also investigate the effect of the non - axisymmetric galactic structure on the local dark matter kinematics , in particular in the disk - like dark matter structure recently predicted by lcdm models . '
b' we show that the electromagnetic field generated by a uniformly accelerated charge is observed by a comoving observer .  ⁇ n this is a simple and simple result .  ⁇ n we also show that the radiation field generated by a uniformly accelerated charge is observed by a comoving observer as a purely electrostatic field . '
b' we study the resonance structure of a @xmath0-disk system with a fractal repeller and a schottky surface .  ⁇ n we show that the fractal weyl law gives an upper bound on the growth of the number of the so - called long - living resonances in the high frequency limit .  ⁇ 
b' we discuss the possibility of a global gauge symmetry inherited from the gauge symmetry in @xmath0 dimensions .  ⁇ n we argue that if the compactifying scale is of order of the fundamental scale , then the local and global gauge symmetry gets totally broken .  ⁇ n however , it is unrealistic to compactify the space so close to the fundamental scale .  ⁇ n we argue that if the compactifying scale is much below the fundamental scale , then the local and global gauge symmetry gets totally broken .  ⁇ n we also discuss the possibility of wormholes . '
b' we present a study of the microlensing properties of six candidate events from a survey of small fields in m31 .  ⁇ n these events are characterized by half - maximum timescales of 10d@xmath0d , and are characterized by pulsewidths seen in miras and other longterm red variables .  ⁇ n we have performed two tests of these candidates : 1 ) constructing well - sampled lightcurves over the m31 seasons of the subsequent years , and 2 ) obtaining snapshot observations of these sources in order to determine if their colors are consistent with mira - like variables .  ⁇ n we find that the remaining six events are inconsistent with mira - like variables , with the remainder firmly inconsistent with mira - like variables .  ⁇ n we discuss what efforts have been required to further verify the microlensing nature of these events . '
b' we investigate the electronic structure of c and bn core / shell ( c / bn ) structures formed by their commensurate 2d hexagonal lattice .  ⁇ n the variation of energy gap with respect to geometric parameters of the structures is investigated .  ⁇ n the shape of the cs structures , in particular whether they have round or rectangular shape , causes crucial effects in the electronic structure .  ⁇ n the nature of the band edge states is revealed by analyzing the charge density profiles projected on those states .  ⁇ n the effect of charging on these 2d quantum dots is investigated and the role of coulomb blockade is discussed in detail . '
b' we investigate the relationships between the optical , bolometric and eddington luminosities of active galactic nuclei ( agn ) , and the broad line region ( blr ) .  ⁇ n it is shown that the standard disc emission can not account for the optical luminosity , and that narrow line seyfert 1 galaxies ( nls1s ) are the most extreme cases on this point of view .  ⁇ n we model the outer disc and show that the occurrence of gravitational instability roughly coincides with the size of the blr .  ⁇ n astrophysical astrophysical objects : active galactic nuclei : general '
b' the dynamics of magnetization reversal in ultra - dense array of magnetic dots is studied by the spin lattice dynamical simulations .  ⁇ n the spin lattice model is used to describe the magnetic ordering of the dots .  ⁇ n the spin lattice is modeled by the xy superlattice model .  ⁇ n the spin lattice is modeled by the classical planar spins located on the square two dimensional lattice .  ⁇ n the spin lattice is modeled by the xy spins .  ⁇ n the spin lattice is modeled by the xy spins .  ⁇ n the spin lattice is modeled by the xy spins .  ⁇ n the spin lattice is modeled by the xy spins .  ⁇ n the spin lattice is modeled by the xy spins .  ⁇ n the spin lattice is modeled by the xy spins .  ⁇ n the spin lattice is modeled by the
b' we consider the independence partition model and the hierarchical model .  ⁇ n we show that in the independent partition model , epidemics spread easier than in the hierarchical model .  ⁇ n we use branching process approximations to compute the expected fraction of the population that is infected throughout the course of the epidemic .  ⁇ n we also show that if the sizes of households and schools are all the same , then an epidemic spreads easier in the hierarchical model .  ⁇ n we also show that if the sizes of households and households are variable , then , perhaps surprisingly , this is not true in general .  ⁇ n _ keywords _ : hierarchical model , independence partition model , branching process , epidemics . '
b' we consider a class of models of radiative fermion masses , in which the third and first generations receive their masses at the 1-loop level .  ⁇ n we show that a tuned electro - weak scale automatically includes all of the necessary ingredients to mediate flavor violation from the third generation fermions to those of the first and second families .  ⁇ n a lower susy scale would also yield a similar fermion mass spectrum but at the cost
b' we examine the early evolution of pre - main sequence ( pms ) stars surrounded by disks and those without disks .  ⁇ n we find that the rotational velocities of pms stars , _ even those without disks _ , do not conserve angular momentum as they evolve toward the zams but instead evolve at nearly constant angular velocity .  ⁇ n this result is inconsistent with expectations that convective stars lacking disks should spin up as they contract , but paradoxically consistent with disk - locking models .  ⁇ n we also find that the angular velocity of pms stars is not constant as they evolve toward the zams , but instead evolves at nearly constant angular velocity .  ⁇ n this result is inconsistent with expectations that convective stars lacking disks should spin up as they contract , but paradoxically consistent with disk - locking models . '
b' we present new _ spitzer _ astrometry of the brown dwarf wise 0855@xmath00714 .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a scheme for synthesizing topological models in cold atoms .  ⁇ n the key idea in this proposal relies on a spin - dependent optical lattice potential consisting of two sublattices with spatial offset .  ⁇ n our proposal can exhibit the topological transition via tunable experimental parameters , and thus provides a versatile platform to study their intrinsic topological properties .  ⁇ n the measurement of the topological invariant is discussed .  ⁇ n the edge states associated with the topological phase are studied , and give an explanation to the boundary effect .  ⁇ n the extension of our proposal to synthesize artificial magnetic field using the laser - assisted tunneling technique is discussed . '
b' we report on the results of giant metrewave radio telescope ( gmrt ) observations of the phoenix cluster ( ) .  ⁇ n the cluster is the most extreme cool - core cluster known ( @xmath0 m@xmath1 yr@xmath2 ) and is also very massive ( @xmath3 m@xmath2 ) .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a quantitative spectral analysis of a sample of 46 subdwarf b stars .  ⁇ n the spectra were obtained with the feros spectrograph mounted at the eso / mpg 2.2 m telescope in la silla .  ⁇ n the spectra were obtained with the foces spectrograph mounted at the wht .  ⁇ n the spectra were analyzed with the isis spectrograph mounted at the wht .  ⁇ n the spectra were obtained with the foces spectrograph mounted at the wht .  ⁇ n the spectra were analyzed with the isis spectrograph mounted at the wht .  ⁇ n the spectra were analyzed with the isis spectrograph mounted at the wht .  ⁇ n the spectra were analyzed with the midas package .  ⁇ n the spectra were analyzed with the midas package .  ⁇ n the spectra were analyzed with the isis spectrograph mounted at
b' we study the thermodynamic properties of ultracold bosons in one - dimensional optical lattices .  ⁇ n we calculate the entropy of non - interacting bosons in a trap relevant for the cold atoms before loading into the optical lattice .  ⁇ n we then consider the atomic limit and the limit of non - interacting fermions .  ⁇ n we show that the entropy increases appreciably only at temperatures which are of the order of the gap .  ⁇ n the entropy increases appreciably only at temperatures which are of the order of the gap .  ⁇ n the entropy increases appreciably only at temperatures which are of the order of the gap .  ⁇ n the entropy increases appreciably only at temperatures which are of the order of the gap .  ⁇ n the entropy increases appreciably only at temperatures which are of the order of the gap .  ⁇ n the entropy increases appreciably only at temperatures which are of the order of the gap .  ⁇ n the entropy increases
b' we present a study of the properties of blue straggler ( bss ) candidates in the local group dwarf galaxy sculptor .  ⁇ n we present a detailed analysis of the radial distribution of bss candidates in the sextans dwarf galaxy , based on a sample of bss candidates selected from the sloan digital sky survey ( sdss ) .  ⁇ 
b' we consider the problem of localization in a finite domain with long branches .  ⁇ n we show that the existence of trapped or localized eigenmodes is guaranteed by the finite @xmath0 norm of the associated eigenfunctions .  ⁇ n we also show that the existence of trapped or localized eigenmodes is guaranteed by the finite @xmath0 norm of the associated eigenfunctions .  ⁇ n the existence of trapped or localized eigenmodes is also proved . '
b' we study the efficiency of a new mechanism of particle acceleration , which is based on the damping of centrifugally excited langmuir waves .  ⁇ n we show that the langmuir - landau - centrifugal drive ( llcd ) is a powerful mechanism of particle acceleration , which is able to accelerate particles to ultra high energies via the llcd .  ⁇ n we also show that the llcd can be used to accelerate stellar black holes ( sbhs ) .  ⁇ n we show that the llcd can be used to accelerate sbhs to ultra high energies .  ⁇ n we also show that the llcd can be used to accelerate sbhs to ultra high energies .  ⁇ n we also show that the llcd can be used to accelerate sbhs to ultra high energies .  ⁇ n we also show that the llcd can be used to accelerate sbhs to ultra high energies .  ⁇ 
b' we study the local magnetization @xmath0 of hole - doped resonating valence bonds ( rvb ) states .  ⁇ n the rvb states are a new class of variational states , in which spin and charge correlations are parameterized independently , without explicit spin nor gauge symmetry breaking .  ⁇ n a comprehensive study of the state is performed using monte carlo and mean field calculations .  ⁇ 
b' we present a model for the fragmentation of finite nuclear systems .  ⁇ n the model is a lattice gas model .  ⁇ 
b' we present a sample of 72 x - ray obscured active galactic nuclei ( agns ) in the extended groth strip .  ⁇ 
b' the upcoming gluex experiment at the thomas jefferson national accelerator facility ( jlab ) will produce a photon beam with a polar angle of @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the forward calorimeter ( fcal ) will be an essential detector for the experiment , providing energy measurements and timing information for photon showers in the forward region with polar angles between 100 mev and 5 gev .  ⁇ n the main goals were to verify , as expected , that the hardware configuration of the fcal would meet the desired energy and timing resolutions .  ⁇ n this was the first test of the production hardware and data acquisition system in a beam .  ⁇ n the results of this beam test are presented .  ⁇ n a comparison of the results with previous measurements shows that the fcal can achieve the desired energy resolution at low energies , where statistical fluctuations in the number of cherenkov photons detected dominate the resolution .  ⁇ n a comparison of the fcal with the e852 experiment at brookhaven national laboratory shows that the fcal can
b' we report the first detection of [ c i ] @xmath0p@xmath1@xmath0p@xmath2 and co @xmath1143 @xmath3=43 emission from a protoplanetary disk .  ⁇ n we estimate the optical depth of the emission to derive the column density of atomic carbon ( c ) .  ⁇ n we also discuss possible evolutionary trends in the total mass of atomic c .  ⁇ n [ firstpage ] '
b' i outline two ongoing research programs which bear on the question of the directionality of wimp scattering in terrestrial detectors .  ⁇ n the first involves the first detailed examination of the predicted distributions of wimps in the galactic halo , and the ability , given a fixed number of events , to unambiguously demonstrate evidence for underlying directionality in the events .  ⁇ n the second project uncovers the existence of a new wimp distribution in the solar system .  ⁇ n we estimate the space density of such wimp orbits near the earth , and find it can be considerable for realistic susy parameters at the upper end of the allowed range of scattering cross sections . '
b' the lisa mission is a space - based laser interferometer aimed at detecting and studying gravitational waves of astrophysical origin .  ⁇ n the current schedule places the lisa mission in the year 2011 , and the 3 - 10 years observation period is expected to produce a number of observations of galactic binaries , of massive black hole mergers and captures , and possibly of a cosmological stochastic background .  ⁇ n early studies of the data analysis techniques required to observe these signals are important since they couple our present knowledge about the sources lisa will be able to observe to the science requirements guiding the design of the lisa mission itself .  ⁇ n however , theoretical modeling and pre - launch performance measurements will certainly be performed .  ⁇ n however these might not be sufficient to achieve the level of accuracy required in the analysis of the data collected during the inflight operation of lisa .  ⁇ n specifically , we calculate in the low frequency regime the optimal approximations for the spectra of the noise affecting the interferometric
b' we study the effect of nuclear symmetry energy on the equation of state of neutron stars .  ⁇ n we find that the symmetry energy and its slope parameter @xmath0 are strongly affected by the nuclear symmetry energy .  ⁇ n we also find that the slope parameter @xmath1 is sensitive to the nuclear symmetry energy .  ⁇ n we also find that the slope parameter @xmath2 is sensitive to the nuclear symmetry energy .  ⁇ 
b' we report the existence of a peculiar degassing regime in a thin layer of micellar fluid .  ⁇ n when a constant air flux is imposed at its bottom , in the bubbling regime , the air is released through periodic series of successive bubbles , hereafter called _ cascades _ .  ⁇ n the main characteristics of the cascades ( periodicity , maximum overpressure ) are analyzed in regards with the fluid rheology .  ⁇ n we show that inside a cascade , the bubble properties vary continuously : the mean overpressure drops , whereas the emission time increases .  ⁇ n the transition between two regimes inside the cascades is directly linked to the fluid rheology and , in particular , provides a direct measurement of the viscoelastic characteristic time associated with the maxwell fluid . '
b' the vacuum expectation values of the energy - momentum tensor for a scalar field with robin boundary condition on a curved boundary in background of robertson - walker spacetime with negative spatial curvature are investigated .  ⁇ n the vacuum expectation values of the energy - momentum tensor for a scalar field with robin boundary condition on the boundary and for the electromagnetic field with perfect conductor boundary conditions on the plate are calculated .  ⁇ n the vacuum forces acting on the boundaries are discussed .  ⁇ n the casimir energy for the electromagnetic field with perfect conductor boundary conditions on the plate is evaluated . '
b' we present the results of a study of theoretical uncertainties on basic kinematic distributions in top quark pair production at the 14 and 33 tev lhc .  ⁇ n we consider the @xmath0 and @xmath1 cross sections , and the @xmath2 and @xmath3 distributions .  ⁇ n we consider the boosted top quark production cross - sections , the @xmath4 and @xmath5 distributions , and the @xmath6 and @xmath7 distributions .  ⁇ n we also consider the observability of the inclusive top quark charge asymmetry at the 14 tev lhc .  ⁇ n we also study the observability of the inclusive top quark charge asymmetry at the 14 tev lhc .  ⁇ n we also study the top quark production asymmetry in @xmath8 final states at lhc 14 and lhc 33 .  ⁇ n we also study the top quark production asymmetry in @xmat
b' we propose a mechanism to adapt the safety time gap distribution of driver - driven traffic models to the presence of a largely varying local traffic dynamics .  ⁇ n this mechanism is based on a meta - model which can be applied to a wide range of car - following models .  ⁇ n we show that the variance - driven time headways ( vdt ) can be a useful tool to explain the wide scattering of flow - density data in congested traffic .  ⁇ n we also show that the vdt can be a useful tool to explain the wide scattering of flow - density data in congested traffic . '
b' we present a study of the formation of high mass stars using a single dish telescope .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new stroboscopic system for observing optical signals from pulsars .  ⁇ n the system consists of a chopper , a pc and a chopper , which is phase locked with a given pulsar s ephemerides .  ⁇ n the chopper is synchronized with the topocentric arrival times of the pulsar .  ⁇ 
b' we compute the scaling dimensions of disorder operators in the t hooft limit of chern - simons - fermion theories with one fermion flavor .  ⁇ n we show that the lowest - dimension disorder operators with @xmath0 units of magnetic flux have dimension @xmath1 .  ⁇ n this result is valid at all t hooft couplings .  ⁇ n we also clarify some aspects of the path integral computation given in @xcite .  ⁇ n we conclude by discussing implications of our findings for the bosonization duality between chern - simons - fermion and cs - boson theories . '
b' we present preliminary results for the quenched spectrum of light hadrons at @xmath0 , @xmath1 and @xmath2 using the tadpole improved clover sw fermion action .  ⁇ n we find no statistically significant evidence for further improvement at that @xmath3-value .  ⁇ n we use non - local sources to allow a more accurate extraction of ground state masses and couplings .  ⁇ n we find that dimensionless ratios of observables have small discretisation corrections .  ⁇ n we highlight the uncertainties remaining in extracting continuum decay constants because of the reliance on perturbative matching coefficients . '
b' we report on the experimental investigation of the interfacial modulation of a micron - sized oil film deposited on a micron - sized substrate .  ⁇ n the film is patterned with a single substrate with a mixed perpendicular and parallel anchoring properties .  ⁇ n the substrate is patterned with a single nematic texture .  ⁇ n the substrate is patterned with a single nematic texture .  ⁇ 
b' we present a quantitative description of bose - einstein condensation in three dimensions .  ⁇ n we find an upper bound on the scattering length @xmath0 , which is similar to the triviality bound for the higgs scalar in the standard model of elementary particle physics .  ⁇ n this is a consequence of the breakdown of the pointlike approximation for the interaction at short distances .  ⁇ n we also find a small concentration @x
b' we present the discovery of a new am cvn star , rxj0806 + 15 , discovered in the sloan digital sky survey data release 6 .  ⁇ n the system consists of a white dwarf accretor and a degenerate helium - transferring donor star .  ⁇ n the system is a member of the am cvn class of systems , with a short orbital period ( below the orbital period minimum for hydrogen - rich donors ) and a degenerate helium - transferring donor star .  ⁇ n the system is a member of the am cvn class , with a period of @xmath0 days and a mass of @xmath1 .  ⁇ n the system is a member of the am cvn class , with a mass of @xmath2 .  ⁇ n the system is a member of the am cvn class , with a mass of @xmath3 .  ⁇ n the system is a member
b' we study the effect of internal fluctuations on the extinction of discrete populations .  ⁇ 
b' we point out that the recent dynamical studies of three elliptical galaxies , based on the measurement of radial velocities of a large number of planetary nebulae in each of these galaxies , are not only in agreement with the predictions of mond , but go beyond existing support of mond , probing , as they do , the highest acceleration end in the galaxy sequence , higher than what has been probed with rotation curves of spiral galaxies .  ⁇ n we point out that the results of romanowsky et al .  ⁇ n ( 2003 ) are not only in agreement with the predictions of mond , but go beyond existing support of mond , probing , as they do , the highest acceleration end in the galaxy sequence , higher than what has been probed with rotation curves of spiral galaxies .  ⁇ n we also point out that the results of romanowsky et al .  ⁇ n ( 2003 )  ⁇  indicates the presence of little if any dark matter in these galaxie
b' the two - nucleon excitation from @xmath0 to @xmath1 shell and the corresponding @xmath2c - @xmath3c - @xmath4 interaction are investigated in the frame work of the nuclear shell model .  ⁇ 
b' we study a system of freely rotating cylinders .  ⁇ n we show that the cubatic phase is a long - range orientationally ordered phase with cubic symmetry , which is a possible explanation of the existence of this phase for cut - spheres .  ⁇ 
b' we present a multidimensional hydrodynamic model of the core ignition of a chandrasekhar - mass white dwarf .  ⁇ n the model is based on a single - degenerate scenario in which the ignition of the degenerate matter takes place in the core of a massive rotating white dwarf .  ⁇ n the model is based on a spherical , axisymmetric , and spherical , axisymmetric white dwarf .  ⁇ n the model is based on a spherical , axisymmetric , and spherical white dwarf .  ⁇ n the white dwarf s core is modeled as a spherical , axisymmetric , and spherical , axisymmetric white dwarf .  ⁇ n the white dwarf s core is modeled as a spherical , axisymmetric , and spherical , axisymmetric , spherical , and spherical , spherical , spher
b' we examine the effects of substructure on the matter and weak lensing power spectra of a high resolution cosmological dark - matter - only simulation .  ⁇ n we use two methods : ( 1 ) we use the result of a high resolution @xmath0-body simulation and quantify the changes in the matter and weak lensing power spectra when we smooth out increasing amounts of substructure .  ⁇ n ( 2 ) we incorporate substructure into the analytic halo model .  ⁇ n the results depend on the parameters used in the model , but they provide useful physical insight into the results from @
b' we present a comprehensive study of the electronic excitations in pentacene single crystals using electron energy - loss spectroscopy ( eels ) .  ⁇ n the energy of electronic excitations at finite momentum transfers throughout the entire brillouin zone of a solid is determined .  ⁇ n the exciton dispersion in the @x
b' a general formulation of the problem of identifying independent sources in multiple datasets is presented .  ⁇ n the formulation is based on a generalization of the linear instantaneous model .  ⁇ n the formulation is shown to be a basis for all existing algorithms .  ⁇ n the identification conditions and performance bounds are generalizations of the results for ( of a single dataset ) .  ⁇ n the case when samples are is shown to have a performance bound that can be expressed compactly for the very large class of multivariate elliptical distributions .  ⁇ n the performance bounds are compared to the performance achieved by two previously published algorithms for .  ⁇ n the results are compared to the performance achieved by two previously published algorithms for . '
b' we present a spectroscopic study of the cool algol system bd@xmath006 .  ⁇ n the system consists of two cool giants , one of which is a detached star , and the other is a f g type star .  ⁇ n the spectroscopic orbital solution is a double - lined spectroscopic solution with a period of 18.9 days .  ⁇ 
b' we study the ground state of the heisenberg antiferromagnet on a checkerboard lattice .  ⁇ n the elementary cell is a tetrahedron and the connectivity is corner sharing .  ⁇ n we show that the ground state of this system undergoes a neel ordering transition when approaching the isotropic limit .  ⁇ n this is done within the dyson - maleev approximation and the linear spin wave theory .  ⁇ n we find that the ground state is a quantum spin liquid , with total spin @
b' the dissociation and dissociative ionization of a short intense infrared pulse interacting with the hydrogen molecule and molecular ion are studied .  ⁇ n the dissociation dynamics is modelled using a two - state approximation and takes account of the laser pulse profile .  ⁇ n the results for the proton energy spectrum are in excellent agreement with the observations .  ⁇ 
b' we study the low energy regime of braneworld models .  ⁇ n we show that solar - system and binary - pulsar tests can be used to discriminate between different 5d braneworld models and to shed light on their extra - dimensional configuration .  ⁇ 
b' we present new _ chandra _ and _ vla _ observations of the ultraluminous x - ray source ( ulx ) in the dwarf irregular galaxy ngc 5408 ( ngc 5408 x-1 ) .  ⁇ 
b' we study the influence of peeling on the local stacking and registry of multilayer graphene stacks .  ⁇ n we show that the local stacking and registry of multilayer graphene are complicated , yet understandable by registry effects .  ⁇ n we show that peeling - induced bending generates complex sliding patterns that alter the local stacking and registry of multilayer graphene .  ⁇ n this suggests the possibility to modify or even control the electronic properties of multilayer graphene by peeling or by creating localized kinks . '
b' the effect of second - order nonlinearity on wave orbital velocities is revisited with a stochastic second - order model .  ⁇ n the effect of wave directionality ( wave directional spreading ) on wave orbital velocities is also discussed .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed study of the prompt neutrino fluxes produced by the decays of charm quarks , based on a recent calculation of the conventional neutrino flux .  ⁇ n we use a parton shower algorithm embedded in the shower monte carlo code , and compare the predictions with experimental data recently collected at the large hadron collider .  ⁇ n we find that the predictions are in good agreement with the experimental data .  ⁇ n we also discuss the implications of the present status of the theoretical predictions . '
b' we present a new method to determine the photometric redshifts of galaxies in the redshift range @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we use a bayesian approach to derive the photometric redshifts of galaxies in the sloan digital sky survey ( sdss ) .  ⁇ n we use a bayesian approach to derive the photometric redshifts of galaxies in the sdss sdss sdss sdss sdss sdss sdss sdss sdss sdss sdss sdss sdss sdss sdss sdss sdss sdss sdss sdss sdss sdss sdss sdss sdss sdss sdss sdss sdss sd
b' we derive a systematic evaluating method for exponent for the @xmath0 norm distance in random privacy amplification based on universal@xmath1 hash function .  ⁇ n we show that the exponent is tight under a stronger condition .  ⁇ n we also consider the @xmath2-independent and identical extension , and show that the exponent is tight under a stronger condition .  ⁇ 
b' we study the rna secondary structure problem , a novel problem of disordered systems .  ⁇ n we show that the rna secondary structure problem is a novel problem of disordered systems .  ⁇ 
b' we study the problem of tunneling of @xmath0 qubits through a one - dimensional barrier .  ⁇ n we show that the asymptotic analysis of qaospectral gaps for @xmath1 , which give bounds on the adiabatic run time , fails to accurately describe the behavior of the tunneling for moderately large @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we show that the failure of the asymptotic analysis is the same in both the hypercube and one - dimensional cases .  ⁇ n we also show that the failure of the asymptotic analysis is the same in both the hypercube and one - dimensional cases .  ⁇ n we also show that the asymptotic analysis of qaospectral gaps for @xmath2 , which give bounds on the adiabatic run time , fails to accurately describe the behavior of the tunneling for moderately large @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we find that @xmath3 is needed to ensure that asymptotic expression
b' we present a novel approach to the detection of changes in remote sensing imagery .  ⁇ 
b' we present a combined analysis of macho light curves of eclipsing binaries and red giants in the large magellanic cloud .  ⁇ 
b' the large area telescope ( lat ) is the primary instrument on the _ fermi gamma - ray space telescope _ , a pair - conversion detector of high - energy gamma rays .  ⁇ n the instrument response functions ( irfs ) are derived using monte - carlo simulations and also corrected for discrepancies observed between flight and simulated data .  ⁇ n the cta project is the next generation of imaging atmospheric cherenkov telescopes ( iacts ) , operating in the high- and very high - energy gamma - ray domain ( between a few tens of gev and 200 tev ) .  ⁇ n the cta consortium gathers more than 1000 scientists and engineers from more than a hundred institutions world - wide .  ⁇ n + in order to fulfill present and future requirements for mc massive production and data analysis of _ fermi_-lat and cta , we have proposed the use of the egi grid infrastructure and of
b' we present the results of flames observations of 20 rgb stars in the globular cluster ngc 2808 .  ⁇ n the na / o ratios are anti - correlated with o , whereas o / na is anti - correlated with o .  ⁇ 
b' we present a spectropolarimetric study of the broad absorption line quasar cyg a , which shows a broad h@xmath0 line in the polarized flux .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a detailed study of the nebular phase of the type ii supernova sn1987a in the large magellanic cloud .  ⁇ 
b' the ground state properties of @xmath0alpha nuclei are investigated .  ⁇ n the effects of clusterization on the ground state configurations are investigated .  ⁇ n the effects of structural corrections related to the many body character of the nuclear interaction and to the bosonic nature of the wave function are introduced .  ⁇ n it is shown that the introduced corrections make the structural corrections stronger .  ⁇ n the model predictions for binding energies , root mean square radii and density profiles as a function of the number of alpha particles in the @xmath1-alpha nuclei are presented and compared with the experimental values . '
b' the tunneling time through a potential barrier is studied for a neutral spin 1/2 particle with a general spin coherent state as a clock .  ⁇ n the equation of motion for the expectation value of spin operator in the magnetic field within a barrier is obtained and identified with the equation of spin precession .  ⁇ n the lamor precession time of spin in a magnetic field confined to the potential barrier is compared with the time in the absence of barrier in order to show the wigner - time .  ⁇ n the lamor precession time of spin in a magnetic field confined to the potential barrier is compared with the time in the absence of barrier .  ⁇ n the lamor precession time of spin in a magnetic field confined to the potential barrier is compared with the time in the absence of barrier .  ⁇ n the lamor precession time of spin in a magnetic field confined to the potential barrier is compared with the time in the absence of barrier . '
b' we present a model of economic agglomeration based on an agent - based model .  ⁇ 
b' we study the kinetic mean - field representation of two vlasov - type kinetic models , namely , cucker - smale and motsch - tadmor .  ⁇ n we show global existence of classical solution to the main system , as well as the long time behavior of the solution : unconditional flocking under assumption .  ⁇ n we also give an alternative proof for both systems , employing the idea of @xcite in analogy with the agent - based models .  ⁇ n the asymptotic behavior of the solution is the formation of clusters , and in particular , flocking , under assumption .  ⁇ n this implies concentrations in the time as time approaches infinity .  ⁇ n this implies @xmath0-singularity in many systems , from finite - time to finite - time .  ⁇ n we also give an alternative proof for both cs and mt systems , employing the idea of @xcite in analogy with the agent - based models . '
b' we consider a frw cosmological model with a pressureless fluid and a tracking quintessence field .  ⁇ n the field equations are written as an autonomous system and the fixed points are located .  ⁇ n the fixed points which correspond to the physical requirements of the evolution of the universe are picked up .  ⁇ n the fixed points which correspond to the physical requirements of the evolution of the universe are picked up .  ⁇ n actually only one generic fixed point could be obtained , which depends on the equation of state parameter for the fluid and the fractional rate of decrease of the quintessence potential .  ⁇ n the solutions are stable .  ⁇ n pacs numbers : 98.80.cq , 98.80.cq , 98.80.cq '
b' we report the gamma - ray and x - ray results of the gamma - ray burst grb970402 and its afterglow .  ⁇ 
b' we study the quadrupole octopole alignment of the cosmic microwave background ( cmb ) anisotropy in an anisotropic universe .  ⁇ n the anisotropic universe is a generalization of the finsler spacetime .  ⁇ n the randers spacetime is a natural generalization of riemann geometry .  ⁇ n the line element includes an extra one - form in addition to the riemannian line element .  ⁇ n the one - form is a natural generalization of riemann geometry .  ⁇ n the one - form is a natural generalization of riemann geometry .  ⁇ n the one - form is a natural generalization of the riemann geometry .  ⁇ n the one - form is a natural generalization of the riemann geometry .  ⁇ n the one - form is a natural generalization of the riemann geometry .  ⁇ n the one - form is a natural generalization of the riemann geometry .  ⁇ n the one - form is a natural generalization
b' we have studied the magnetic properties of partially reduced graphene oxide ( rgo ) and graphene oxide ( go ) from room temperature ( 300k ) down to 10k .  ⁇ n the magnetic properties of go and rgo are analyzed in terms of the hund s coupling , coulomb repulsion , and hund s coupling .  ⁇ 
b' we present results from a lattice simulation of heavy quarks using overlap fermions .  ⁇ n we use wilson gauge action at @xmath0 = 6.3345 .  ⁇ n we use the wilson gauge action to obtain the ( @xmath1 ) mass splitting in charmonium .  ⁇ n we find that the ( @xmath2 ) mass splitting is very sensitive to the scale .  ⁇ n we use a multimass inverter to obtain propagators for 26 masses ranging from 0.0200.85 in lattice units .  ⁇ n the charm mass in lattice units is 0.365(1 ) for the ( @xmath2 ) scale , and 0.431(1 ) for the ( @xmath3 ) scale .  ⁇ n the charm mass in lattice units is 0.365(1 ) for the ( @xmath2 ) scale .  ⁇ n the charm mass in lattice units is 0.365(1 ) for the ( @xmath2 )
b' we study the performance of worst - case mobile users ( mus ) in a cellular network with a randomly located base station ( bs ) .  ⁇ n we assume that the locations of the bss are modeled by poisson point processes ( ppp ) .  ⁇ n we derive the coverage probability and the spectral efficiency of the worst - case mu .  ⁇ n we compare our analytical results with those for the typical mu derived by andrews _  ⁇ n et al _ , phys .  ⁇ n rev .  ⁇ n lett . * 106 * , 012302 ( 2012 ) .  ⁇ n our conclusion is that the coverage probability of the worst - case mu decreases down to 23% of that of the typical mu at the target signal - to - interference - ratio ( sir ) @xmath0 db .  ⁇ n the spectral efficiency of the worst - case mu becomes 19% of that of the typical mu .  ⁇ n furthermore , we investigate how much
b' we study the quantum kicked top ( qkt ) , a finite multipartite system whose collective dynamics obeys chaotic hamiltonian dynamics in the classical limit .  ⁇ n we show that the entanglement of the qkt exhibits strong signatures of classical chaos .  ⁇ n we also show that the pairwise entanglement between two qubits and the rest of the qubits exhibits strong signatures of chaos .  ⁇ n we also show that the linear entropy increases more rapidly for an initial state centered in a chaotic region of the classical phase space than one centered on a fixed point .  ⁇ n this agrees with the behavior of the linear entropy observed in other chaotic systems . '
b' we present _ chandra _ observations of the cat s eye nebula ngc 6543 .  ⁇ n the diffuse x - ray emission is clearly resolved into several components and shows excellent correspondence with some of the optical features .  ⁇ n in addition , a previously unknown point x - ray source is detected at the central star .  ⁇ 
b' we study the phenomenology of the gowdy universes on @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we show that the gowdy singularity is asymptotically velocity term dominated ( avtd ) and that the kasner universe is a mixmaster - like solution .  ⁇ n we also show that the kasner universe is a mixmaster - like solution .  ⁇ 
b' in this paper , we study the performance of lossy compression codes .  ⁇ n we employ tree - like committee machine and parity machine as typical multilayer networks to evaluate their performance .  ⁇ n we find that the performance of lossy compression codes saturate the rate distortion function that represents an optimal performance .  ⁇ n we also show that the performance of lossy compression codes saturate the optimal performance .  ⁇ n lossy compression , nonmonotonic perceptron , tree - like committee machine , parity machine , tree - like committee machine , parity machine . '
b' we investigate the dynamics of a spinor bose - einstein condensate subjected to a weakly tilted optical square lattice and to a set of spatially varying light fields giving rise to an effective spin - orbit coupling between the internal atomic states .  ⁇ n the bloch oscillations ( bos ) arising due to the tilting of the lattice and ( ii ) an intrinsic spin hall effect ( she ) deriving from the effective spin - orbit coupling are analyzed in terms of an extrinsic force along the longitudinal direction of the lattice tilt and an intrinsic transverse force .  ⁇ n these forces render a complex correlated motion of the bec in the lattice potential .  ⁇ n furthermore , the particular form of the spin - orbit coupling renders dirac cones characterized by linear dispersions reminiscent of relativistic electrons .  ⁇ n as an outcome of these , the evolution possesses as well a trembling _ zitterbewegung 
b' we consider a model of anomalous diffusion in which subdiffusion is generated as a result of superposition of underlying modes with a broad range of time scales .  ⁇ n the model is closely related to the dynamics of a gaussian polymer , or to fluctuations of a gaussian interface .  ⁇ n the exponent @xmath0 depends on whether the polymer dynamics is diffusive ( rouse ) or influenced by hydrodynamic interactions ( zimm ) .  ⁇ n we show that any value of @xmath1 can be generated by appropriate scaling of the friction coefficients with wavelength .  ⁇ n we also show that any value of @xmath2 can be generated by appropriate scaling of the friction coefficients with wavelength .  ⁇ n we also show that any value of @xmath3 can be generated by appropriate scaling of the friction coefficients with wavelength . '
b' we present the results of the analysis of a set of ccd differential photometry of the dwarf nova hs1804 + 67 during the outburst cycle .  ⁇ n the data allow to follow the evolution of the structure of its accretion disc through the outburst cycle .  ⁇ n the results reveal the formation of a spiral structure at the early stages of the outburst and the formation of a cooling front wave which moves inwards and reaches the central parts of the disc at outburst maximum .  ⁇ n the comparison of the maps at minimum light and at quiescence suggests that mass accretion over the white dwarf is substantially reduced in the former phase and that probably most of the matter transferred from the secondary star at these stages accumulates in the outer disc .  ⁇ n the evolution of the uneclipsed flux through the outburst is interpreted as being due to emission in a vertically extended disc chromosphere + wind .  ⁇ n the variable part of the uneclipsed component is probably due to emission in a vertically extended disc chromosphere +
b' we present two novel methods to extract the e1/e2 ratio from electromagnetic dissociation ( emd ) experiments .  ⁇ n the first method is based on the renormalization of the e1-e2 excitation amplitude , which is calculated within first - order perturbation theory .  ⁇ n the second method is based on the inclusion of many - body effects .  ⁇ 
b' we study the scattering of evanescent waves by small spherical particles in an evanescent field produced by total internal reflection of a laser beam from a dielectric surface .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a bayesian hierarchical model for spatial extremes based on the brown resnick process .  ⁇ n the model is built using a special case for which the full likelihood of such a process can be calculated , using the joint distribution of componentwise maxima and their partitions in terms of individual events .  ⁇ 
b' we present a semiclassical theory of photodetection that is based on the classical - light model for a modified mach - zehnder interferometer with photon - coincidence counting .  ⁇ n we show that the observed quantum - interference behavior of the polarization bell states of two independent pseudothermal light beams obtained by passing laser light through a rotating ground - glass diffuser can be explained by our theory .  ⁇ n we also show how our theory can be extended to high - flux operation using photocurrent cross - correlation . '
b' the semiclassical description of the quantum response function of the hydrogen atom in crossed electric and magnetic fields is derived from the closed - orbit sum .  ⁇ n the semiclassical eigenvalues and transition matrix elements are calculated for the crossed - fields hamiltonian .  ⁇ 
b' we present new observations of the linear and circular polarization of sagittarius a * , the compact nonthermal radio source in the galactic center .  ⁇ n the linear polarization is dominated by a strong , variable , polarized component .  ⁇ 
b' the tevatron proton antiproton collider at fermilab has been the highest - energy frontier of the world .  ⁇ 
b' the current state of the art in optical flow is not end - to - end deep learning .  ⁇ n we propose a neural network based sparse - to - dense interpolation for optical flow .  ⁇ n our network performs better than the current state of the art , it is robust and can be adjusted to different matching algorithms and serve as the new default interpolation method in optical flow pipelines .  ⁇ n we also introduce a new lateral dependency loss , embedding the correlations between neighbors into the learning process .  ⁇ n we define a novel architecture involving detour networks in each layer of the network .  ⁇ n the new architecture provides a substantial increase in performance .  ⁇ n we solidify the importance of motion boundaries in learning dense interpolation for optical flow . '
b' we investigate the near - threshold behavior of weakly - bound three - dimensional @xmath0-body clusters .  ⁇ n we perform diffusion monte carlo calculations for clusters interacting additively through realistic shape - dependent two - body van der waals potentials .  ⁇ n we determine the critical coupling strengths @xmath1 and @xmath2 for atomic clusters with up to @x
b' we propose a new class of models which generate three - dimensional random volumes , by regarding each random diagram as a collection of triangles glued together along multiple hinges .  ⁇ n our models have real symmetric matrices as the dynamical variables and are characterized by semisimple associative algebras @xmath0 .  ⁇ n although most of the diagrams represent configurations which are not manifolds , we show that the set of possible diagram
b' we study the poincar map associated to a periodic perturbation of a linear hamiltonian system .  ⁇ n the map is a nontwist area preserving map with an oscillating rotation number function .  ⁇ n we show that the map presents the typical features of a generic class of nontwist area preserving maps , such as reconnection and meandering , with the nongeneric scenario of creation of vortices .  ⁇ n the nonmonotonic property due to the triplication bifurcation is shown to be different from that exhibited by the cubic hnon map , which can be considered as the prototype of apms , and which undergoes a triplication followed by the twist map .  ⁇ n the nonmonotonic property due to the triplication bifurcation is shown to be different from that exhibited by the cubic hnon map , which undergoes a triplication followed by the twist map .  ⁇ n the nonmonotonic property due to the triplication bifurcation is shown to be
b' we present a general description of the techniques of cosmic ray composition measurement in the high energy region .  ⁇ 
b' we study the nonlinear dynamics of two driven and damped particles evolving in a periodic and symmetric potential landscape .  ⁇ n the particles are initially placed on a chaotic attractor and the other on a periodic attractor .  ⁇ n we show that the emergence of a vanishingly small current coincides with the transition of the second largest lyapunov exponent to zero and subsequently becoming positive .  ⁇ 
b' we study the vibrational properties of a singly curved shell , a structure consisting of two plates joined smoothly with a quarter of a cylinder .  ⁇ n we solve the full wave scattering problem numerically , and compare the results with ray tracing calculations .  ⁇ n we find effective laws for the scattering properties , which may be inserted into ray or wave propagation modelling techniques such as dynamical energy analysis or the wave and finite element method .  ⁇ n in particular , combining these local scattering models within a larger model of a built - up structure will lead to a hybrid method for structures including curved thin shell components in the mid - frequency regime . '
b' we develop a basic analytical theory for the gate electrostatics and the quantum capacitance of graphene nanoribbons .  ⁇ n we complement this analytical theory by exact self - consistent numerical calculations based on the tight - binding @xmath0-orbital hamiltonian within the hartree approximation .  ⁇ n we demonstrate that the analytical theory is in a good qualitative ( and in some aspects quantitative ) agreement with the exact calculations .  ⁇ n however , there are some important discrepancies .  ⁇ n we investigate the self - consistent electronic structure and charge density distribution in the nanoribbons and relate the above discrepancy to the inability of the simple electrostatic model to capture the classical gate electrostatics of the gnrs .  ⁇ n in turn , the failure of the simple electrostatic model is traced to the quantum mechanical effects leading to the significant modification of the self - consistent charge distribution in comparison to the non - interacting electron description .  ⁇ 
b' we study the cosmological behavior of a scalar - tensor - vector theory of gravity .  ⁇ n this theory is a generalization of modified gravity .  ⁇ 
b' we present results from new simulations of a disk - like dwarf orbiting in a mw - sized halo .  ⁇ n the dwarf is modeled according to current galaxy formation models in the lcdm cosmogony .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed analysis of the spherical adiabatic expansion of a relativistic jet , assuming that the jet is a spherical , spherical , and adiabatic .  ⁇ n we find that the expansion of the jet is spherical , and that the amplitude of the relativistic beaming is a decreasing function of the solid angle @xmath0 , where @xmath1 is the jet beaming angle .  ⁇ n we also find that the expansion of the jet is spherical , and that the expansion of the jet is spherical .  ⁇ n we find that the expansion of the jet is spherical , and that the expansion of the jet is spherical .  ⁇ n we also find that the expansion of the jet is spherical , and that the expansion of the jet is spherical .  ⁇ n we find that the expansion of the jet is spherical , and that the expansion of the jet is spher
b' spherical truncations of the coulomb @xmath0 potential in nonuniform environments have been used to describe the strong coulomb forces between closely - spaced charges that lead to hydrogen bonding in water .  ⁇ n however , when these spherical truncations are employed in nonuniform geometries , such as near a lipid bilayer , there can be pronounced errors in structure , thermodynamics , and particularly electrostatic properties .  ⁇ n local molecular field ( lmf ) theory provides exactly that opportunity .  ⁇ n lmf theory also suggests a particularly effective smoothed gaussian - truncation scheme for the charges in extended simple point charge ( spc / e ) water and other interaction - site molecular models .  ⁇ n furthermore , lmf theory also suggests a particularly effective smoothed gaussian - truncation scheme for the charges in spc / e water and other interaction
b' we present a new algorithm for smoothing of two - dimensional event distributions .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the propagation of the electromagnetic field in the background of a static straight thin cosmic string .  ⁇ n the field propagates along null geodesics ( on the light cone of the source ) and it is scattered on the curvature ( so - called term of the field ) .  ⁇ n the field propagates on the deformed light cones of the source and it is scattered on the cosmic string .  ⁇ n we also derive the electric field of the static monopole and dipole sources .  ⁇ n we recover that the source is self - interacting : a monopole charge is repelled from the string by its own field , a dipole is forced to align the string .  ⁇ n a magnetic field of the current flowing along the line parallel with the string is derived .  ⁇ n we also study the farfield and homfield fields .  ⁇ n we find that the farfield field is a function of the string s curvature .  ⁇ n we also find that the farfield field is a function of the string s curvature .
b' we have designed a ccd time - series photometer optimized for high speed time - series measurements of oscillating white dwarf stars .  ⁇ n the ccd camera system is based on a commercial ccd camera made by roper scientific , the princeton micromax 512bft nte - ccd .  ⁇ n the ccd camera system is a pixel array , back illuminated , and on - chip storage .  ⁇ n the ccd camera system is optimized for high speed time - series measurements of oscillating white dwarf stars .  ⁇ n we have obtained light curves of comparable quality at magnitude 19.4 , and have established a list of target objects for the longer - term search for primordial planets .  ⁇ n we have also obtained light curves of comparable quality at magnitude 19.4 , and have established a list of target objects for the longer - term search for primordial planets .  ⁇ n we have also obtained light curves of comparable quality at magnitude 19.4 , and have established a list
b' we present a nonequilibrium green s function formalism for the heat transport in nano - scale systems .  ⁇ n the green s functions are derived from the nonequilibrium green s function method , and the green s functions are renormalized by the nonlinear interactions .  ⁇ n the green s functions are analyzed in the feynman diagrammatic expansion , and dyson equations .  ⁇ n the heat current is calculated and a formula for effective transmission is derived .  ⁇ n the results of one - dimensional chains , benzene ring , and carbon nanotubes are presented . '
b' we revisit the stochastic acceleration model for the fermi bubbles focusing on the effects of the time - dependence and escape from the acceleration regions .  ⁇ n we phenomenologically simulate the acceleration and photon emission of the electrons advected away from the shock front with evolving acceleration efficiency .  ⁇ n we also show that the emission from the escaped electrons from the acceleration regions is important .  ⁇ n the gamma - ray spectra of the fermi bubbles are harder than the ambient diffuse spectrum of the galactic halo .  ⁇ n the surface brightness profiles of the fermi bubbles are bump - like with gradually rising edges .  ⁇ n the gamma - ray spectra of the fermi bubbles are harder than the ambient diffuse spectrum .  ⁇ n the gamma - ray emissivity inside the fermi bubbles is almost constant , which requires inhomogeneous emissivity inside the bubbles .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of multi - band monitoring of bl lacertae ( bl lac ) .  ⁇ 
b' in this paper , we propose a new method , multi - view laplacian svms , for semi - supervised learning from labeled and unlabeled examples .  ⁇ n the proposed method , which is based on regularization theory and capacity control of function classes , integrates three regularization terms respectively on function norm , manifold and multi - view regularization .  ⁇ n the different roles of these regularization terms on capacity control are unfolded later as a result of our empirical rademacher complexity analysis .  ⁇ n besides giving the bound on the generalization error , we also report experimental results on synthetic and real - world data sets .  ⁇ n _ keywords _ : semi - supervised learning , multi - view laplacian svms , regularization , capacity control , generalization error , rademacher complexity . '
b' we present a gibbs sampling framework for polarized cosmic microwave background ( cmb ) data .  ⁇ n the gibbs sampling algorithm is based on the gibbs sampling algorithm , which is a generalization of the gibbs sampling algorithm to polarization .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the formation of an apparent horizon using initial data of einstein s equation .  ⁇ 
b' we calculate the density expectation value for two initially independent bose - einstein condensates by including carefully the interatomic interaction .  ⁇ n it is shown that there is a nonzero interference term when the wave functions of two initially independent condensates are no more orthogonal after their overlapping .  ⁇ n the density expectation value and evolution equations are calculated by both the first - quantization and second - quantization methods .  ⁇ n the theoretical result of the density expectation value agrees with the interference pattern observed in the celebrated experiment by andrews _  ⁇ n et al _ [ phys .  ⁇ n rev .  ⁇ n lett . * 102 * , 012303 ( 2012 ) ] . '
b' we study the gravitational wave ( gw ) from a stellar mass object inspiraling into a central intermediate - mass black hole ( imbh ) .  ⁇ n we find that the gravitational force of a dm mini - spike around the imbh can have a large impact on the gw detectability by elisa .  ⁇ n we also find that the gw detectability strongly depends on the density profile of the dm mini - spike .  ⁇ n we find that the gw detectability strongly depends on the density profile of the dm mini - spike .  ⁇ n we also find that the gw detectability strongly depends on the density profile of the dm mini - spike .  ⁇ n we also find that the gw detectability strongly depends on the density profile of the dm mini - spike .  ⁇ n we also find that the gw detectability strongly depends on the density profile of the dm mini - spike .  ⁇ 
b' we present two procedures to aid in the analysis of molecular dynamics simulations : a projection method to visualize the molecular configurations of a trajectory as a point set in the plane , and a cluster analysis to identify clusters of similar configurations in the trajectory .  ⁇ n these methods can be applied automatically to any molecular dynamics trajectory and result in a tentative identification of conformations in the trajectory . '
b' i examine the notion of actual causation in the context of logic programming .  ⁇ n i show that cp - logic provides a more appropriate setting for the study of actual causation .  ⁇ n i also comment on a naive implementation in prolog that can be downloaded to play with my definitions . '
b' we study the diffusion of a particle in the presence of traps .  ⁇ n we show that the probability that the diffusing particle returns to the starting point after time @
b' we investigate the production of @xmath0 and @xmath1 in proton - nucleus and nucleus - nucleus collisions within the non - relativistic qcd formalism .  ⁇ n we find that the qcd corrections to the production of @xmath2 and @xmath3 are dominant in the large @xmath0 region .  ⁇ n we also discuss the effect of the nnlo qcd corrections to the production of @xmath2 and @xmath3 . '
b' we consider the problem of zero - error communication between two senders .  ⁇ n we show that the zero - error classical capacity of a classical channel is completely determined by the confusability graph induced by the channel .  ⁇ n we also show that the zero - error classical capacity of a classical channel is completely determined by the fractional packing number of the bipartite graph induced by the channel .  ⁇ 
b' this paper presents a confluence of ideas from different parts of the mathematical sciences , including optimization , pdes , probability and statistics .  ⁇ n we show how a variety of different methods , arising in very distinct communities , can all be formulated around a common objective function for a real valued function on the nodes of a graph representing the data points .  ⁇ n the objective function is proportional to a graph laplacian derived from the unlabeled data and the function involves the labeled data .  ⁇ n the function is used for classification .  ⁇ n the objective function is a real valued function on the nodes of a graph representing the data points .  ⁇ n the matrix is proportional to a graph laplacian derived from the unlabeled data and the function involves the labelled data .  ⁇ n the function is used for classification .  ⁇ n the objective function is a function on the nodes of a graph representing the data points .  ⁇ n the function is used for classification .  ⁇ n the objective function is a function
b' we present the results of a search for planets around white dwarfs .  ⁇ 
b' we present a hierarchy - based approach to the automatic inference of taxonomies .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new formalism to calculate the generalized parton distributions ( gpds ) , at twist - two accuracy , in the framework of the constituent quark model .  ⁇ n we apply this formalism to the deeply virtual compton scattering off the proton .  ⁇ n we show that the gpds are a good tool to study the structure of the nucleon .  ⁇ 
b' the method of holz & wald ( hw ) is generalized to perfect fluids with pressure .  ⁇ n it is shown that the hw method can be generalized from matter in dust form to perfect fluids with pressure .  ⁇ n the method is applied to a number of cases , and it is shown that the luminosity distribution of supernovae at a given redshift can be compared with that of a standard candle supernova sample .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the performance of higher - order helical gaussian ( lg ) modes in gravitational wave detectors .  ⁇ n we compare the performance of the lg mode with the lg mode in an optical layout similar to that proposed for the advanced generation of gravitational wave detectors .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of the alice collaboration on strangeness production in relativistic heavy - ion collisions .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of @xmath0 years of optical monitoring of the supersoft x - ray binary cal 87 .  ⁇ n the source is detected in the _ rosat _ x - rays , and is detected in the _ chandra _ x - rays .  ⁇ n the x - ray spectrum is well fitted by a power - law with a photon index of @xmath1 .  ⁇ n the x - ray spectrum is well fitted by a power - law with a photon index of @x
b' we present a brief review of the weight - judging competition of francis galton , a anthropologist , biometrician and statistician , held at the west of england fat stock and poultry exhibition .  ⁇ n the competition was characterized by a 6__d . _  ⁇ n _ ox , a 6__d . _  ⁇ n ox , and a 6__d . _  ⁇ n _ ox .  ⁇ n the ox was selected , and competitors were able to buy stamped and numbered cards , for 6__d . _ each .  ⁇ n the ox was labelled by a numbered number of cards , for 6__d . _ each .  ⁇ n he found that his main conclusion is that the middlemost estimate expresses the _ vox populi _ , every other estimate being declared as too low or too high by a majority of the voters .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the possibility of detecting geo - antineutrinos from the earth s mantle at liquid scintillator detectors such as kamland and borexino .  ⁇ n we find that the current data are not enough to establish the presence of geo - antineutrinos .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the ground state of a spin-1/2 heisenberg - interacting spin system on a bipartite lattice .  ⁇ n we show that the ground state of the system is built as a linear superposition of singlet spin states or valence bonds .  ⁇ n this constraint , that forces the ground state s total spin to be zero , gives rise to various valence - bond configurations that are either local or global .  ⁇ 
b' we give a prescription for higher order induced vertices of the lipatov s high energy effective action which preserves the symmetry properties of the unregulated vertices .  ⁇ n the prescription is applied to the calculation of the leading order reggeized gluon - gluon - 2 reggeized gluon production vertex .  ⁇ n the latter is derived from the effective action .  ⁇ n the latter is based on the qcd action with an induced term .  ⁇ n the latter is written in terms of gauge - invariant currents which generate a non - trivial coupling of the gluon to reggeized gluons .  ⁇ n the latter is expressed in terms of gauge - invariant currents which generate a non - trivial coupling of the gluon to reggeized gluons .  ⁇ n the latter is expressed in terms of gauge - invariant currents which generate a non - trivial coupling of the gluon to reggeized gluons .
b' we investigate the relationship between active galactic nuclei ( agns ) and star formation ( sf ) in a sample of x - ray selected agns .  ⁇ 
b' we introduce a fully non - parametric algorithm for the segmentation of time series .  ⁇ n the algorithm is based on the kolmogorov - smirnov statistic , which measures the maximal distance between the cumulative distributions of two samples , as estimate of the discrepancy between segments .  ⁇ 
b' the ferromagnetic state of the system of single band electrons is considered in the framework of the generalized hubbard model .  ⁇ n the correlated hopping of electrons is taken into account by means of the exact diagonalization method .  ⁇ n the criterion of ferromagnetism and magnetization of the system in ground state are derived .  ⁇ n the temperature dependence of magnetization and magnetization is analyzed in the case of strong and intermediate electron correlations .  ⁇ n it is shown that the correlated hopping favors the ferromagnetic state around the point of half - filling .  ⁇ 
b' in this paper we present examples of how the methodology of constrained dynamic systems , commonly used in classical mechanics , can be used for solving economic problems .  ⁇ n the examples presented in this paper are based on intuitive economic terminology and supplemented by easy - to - read explanations and interpretations of the economical background .  ⁇ n the examples presented in the paper can be utilized by undergraduate students of physics interested in solving interdisciplinary applications to get an idea about employing physical apparatus in economic problems .  ⁇ n moreover , the examples provided in this paper can be utilized by university teachers as an attractive supplement of traditional mechanics courses on the undergraduate level or as a motivation inviting the students to enroll for advanced interdisciplinary courses .  ⁇ n econophysics , economics , physics education , physics education , physics education '
"b"" we present a new proof of the  ⁇  vic s car '' , a classic example of a vic s car .  ⁇ n we also present a new proof of the vic s car s  ⁇  klee s car '' .  ⁇ n we also give a new proof of the vic s car s klee s car s klee s klee s car s klee s car s klee s car s klee s car s klee s car s klee s car s klee s car s klee s car s klee s car s klee s car s klee s car s klee s car s klee s car s klee s car s klee s car s klee s car s klee s car s klee s car s klee s car 
b' the fission barriers and half - lives of @xmath0sn , @xmath1sn , @xmath1sn , @xmath1sn , @xmath1sn , @xmath1sn , @xmath1sn , @xmath1sn , @xmath1sn , @xmath1sn , @xmath1sn , @xmath1sn , @xmath1sn , @xmath1sn , @xmath1sn , @xmath1sn , @xmath1sn , @xmath1sn , @xmath1sn , @xmath1sn , @xmath1sn , @xmath1sn , @xmath1sn , @xmath1sn , @xmath1sn , @xmath1sn , @xmath1s
b' we propose a method for clustering of data based on a hilbert - space analysis .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the geometric scaling property of deep - inelastic scattering on a proton in terms of nonlinear qcd evolution equations describing saturation .  ⁇ 
b' we study the realization and identification problem for a subclass of piecewise - affine hybrid systems .  ⁇ n the continuous dynamics of * pwl*s is determined by a finite collection of affine subsystems .  ⁇ n however , in contrast to traditional piecewise - affine systems , we allow any change of the continuous state during a discrete - state transition , as long as the new state belongs to the set of designated initial states of the affine subsystem associated with the new discrete state .  ⁇ n we formulate the realization problem for this system class and partially solve it by providing necessary and sufficient conditions for existence of a realization .  ⁇ n we also present conditions for minimality .  ⁇ n we show that the outputs of any * pwl * can also be described by a switched ar model .  ⁇ n the main conclusion is that any system can be transformed to a minimal system _ with one discrete state _ while preserving input - output behavior .  ⁇ n this means that without further restrictions , the identification problem for such systems is
b' we review recent theoretical results on nuclear generalized parton distributions ( gpds ) .  ⁇ n we discuss the nuclear binding effect , nuclear shadowing and nuclear shadowing .  ⁇ n we also discuss the role of non - nucleon degrees of freedom and medium modifications of the gpds of the bound nucleon . '
b' we present a semiclassical approximation to the problem of quantum tunnelling in a simple waveguide model .  ⁇ n the method is based on the wigner - weyl calculus and is applied to a model waveguide with a simple topology .  ⁇ 
b' we report the detection of time - varying spectral features in the x - ray afterglow of the ultra - long gamma - ray burst grb130925a .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new method for detecting @xmath0 in the ion - molecule chemistry of dark clouds .  ⁇ 
b' we study the semi - flexible visaw model on the square lattice by means of monte carlo simulation .  ⁇ n we find estimates for the critical exponents and hence the scaling dimensions , that are in agreement with those found by foster and pinettes and at variance with those predicted by warna et al .  ⁇ 
b' we consider the projective contraction of a real cone on a complex banach space .  ⁇ n we show that the projective contraction is strict and uniform if the image of the cone has finite projective diameter .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the properties of satellite galaxies based on a sample of 92 satellite galaxies , drawn from the sloan digital sky survey .  ⁇ n we find that the satellites of these galaxies are redder than the central galaxies , and that the satellites of these galaxies are more redder than the central galaxies .  ⁇ n we also find that the satellites of these galaxies are more redder than the central galaxies , and that the satellites of these galaxies are more redder than the central galaxies .  ⁇ n we find that the satellites of these galaxies are more redder than the central galaxies , and that the satellites of these galaxies are more redder than the central galaxies .  ⁇ n we also find that the satellites of these galaxies are more redder than the central galaxies , and that the satellites of these galaxies are more redder than the central galaxie
b' we investigate the dynamics of a qubit interacting with a thermal environment .  ⁇ 
b' i present a new method to constrain the cosmological parameters @xmath0 , @xmath1 and @xmath2 , using the x - ray luminosity function and x - ray temperature function .  ⁇ 
b' we study the ground state wave function of a fractional quantum hall state in the presence of a chern - simons field .  ⁇ n we show that the ground state wave function can be classified by its pattern of zeros , which describes the way ideal fractional quantum hall wavefunctions go to zero when various clusters of electrons are brought together .  ⁇ 
b' we describe the general structure and pedagogy of the physics 7a , 7b , and 7c introductory course at the university of california at davis .  ⁇ n we begin with a discussion of the general structure and pedagogy of the course paying particular attention to how the course is designed to allow peer - peer communication and to keep this communication at the level of making sense of physics and using the ideas , concepts , and models of physics rather than at the level of simple memorization or learning algorithms without understanding .  ⁇ n we then include enough detail of the actual course to make it clearer what the class really looks like to an instructor or a student .  ⁇ n finally , we include a short discussion of some of the things we have discovered or measured in trying to assess the effects of the course .  ⁇ n in particular we discuss our students learning of physics , their understanding of physics and science in general , and their abilities in science in general .  ⁇ n we also discuss some of the things we have discovered or measured in trying to assess the effects of the course .
b' we study the effect of spin orientation on the current - induced spin polarization of electrons in a two - dimensional ( 2d ) system with a weak spin - orbit coupling .  ⁇ 
b' we report the discovery of a counterpart to the ultraluminous x - ray source ( ulx ) in the antennae ( ngc 4038/4039 ) .  ⁇ 
b' we present a bayesian minimum message length ( mml ) method for mixture modelling .  ⁇ n mml is a bayesian minimum message length ( mml ) estimator of the parameters of each component of a mixture , and is invariant under non - linear transformations of the data .  ⁇ 
b' we develop the connection based quantum theory for a @
b' we propose a general strategy for stabilizing steady states of a broad class of higher order difference equations .  ⁇ n the strategy is based on the control of the deviation of the target from the target value .  ⁇ n the strategy is based on the ogy method , which performs small perturbations in the parameters of the system .  ⁇ 
b' we present a general formalism for polarized radiative transfer of a kerr black hole .  ⁇ n we use adiabatic 3d gamma - ray - positron - positron - positron - positron - positron - positron - positron - positron - positron - positron - positron - positron - positron - positron - positron - positron - positron - positron - positron - positron - positron - positron - positron - positron - positron - positron - positron - positron - positron - positron - positron - positron - positron - positron - positron - positron - positron - positron - positron - positron - positron - 
b' we present a perturbative treatment of two - leg spin ladders in the plaquette basis .  ⁇ n our method exploits the simplicity of these quasi one - dimensional systems to straightforwardly extract perturbative information about the bulk system from ordinary rayleigh - schrdinger perturbation theory .  ⁇ n specifically , we can , with modest computational effort , determine the bulk values of the ground state energy per site , the spin gap , and the one magnon dispersion relation to eleventh , fourth and third order , respectively .  ⁇ n moreover , by performing similar calculations in the rung basis , we can make reliable quantitative comparisons of the radii of convergence of the perturbative expansion in the two bases .  ⁇ n in particular , we determine that the radius of convergence in the rung basis is @xmath0 while for the plaquette basis , where @xmath1 scales the inter - plaquette coupling , we find @xmath2 to @xmath3 .  ⁇ n we also address the issue of the radii of convergence in
b' the determinant of a topologically unquenched qcd configuration is a statistical guess of the total determinant which uses only global gluonic quantities as input .  ⁇ n the guess is based on the geometric average of the determinants of a few configurations which are quite typical both in their gauge action and in their logarithm .  ⁇ n the first factor is a statistical guess of the total determinant which uses as input only global gluonic quantities .  ⁇ n the second factor is a statistical guess of the total determinant which uses as input only global gluonic quantities .  ⁇ n the first factor is a statistical guess of the total determinant which uses as input only global gluonic quantities .  ⁇ n the first factor is a statistical guess of the total determinant which uses as input only global gluonic quantities .  ⁇ n the first factor is a statistical guess of the total determinant which uses as input only global gluonic quantities .  ⁇ n the first factor is a statistical guess of the total determinant which uses as input only global
b' we survey the geometric properties of stochastically incomplete diffusion processes associated to the laplacian on manifolds and graphs .  ⁇ n we give examples of stochastically incomplete graphs with only polynomial volume growth .  ⁇ n we also give examples of stochastically incomplete graphs with only polynomial volume growth . '
b' i report the discovery of two new galactic wolf - rayet stars in the direction of circinus .  ⁇ n the analysis of their eso - ntt - sofi h- and k - band spectra , indicate that wr67a and wr67b are wolf - rayet stars belonging to the wn and wc types , respectively .  ⁇ n wr67a presents a weak - lined spectrum reminiscent of young hydrogen rich _ main - sequence _ wn6h stars such as hd93162 ( wr25 ) .  ⁇ n wr67a presents a weak - lined spectrum reminiscent of young hydrogen rich _ main - sequence _ wn6h stars such as hd93162 ( wr25 ) .  ⁇ n wr67a presents a weak - lined spectrum reminiscent of young hydrogen rich _ main - sequence _ wn6h stars such as h
b' we consider the gross - neveu model in the large @xmath0 limit .  ⁇ n we derive an effective lagrangian for valence fermions only .  ⁇ 
b' we study the infrared structure of massless quantum electrodynamics in three dimensions .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the hawking radiation from a vacuum that spans across the interior and exterior spacetime wedges of a black hole .  ⁇ n we show that the hawking radiation temperature is twice as large as that from the hartle - hawking vacuum .  ⁇ n this is a result of the tunneling effect in the r - f vacuum .  ⁇ n we also discuss the hawking radiation from the r - f vacuum . '
b' we examine the process of melting of two dimensional crystals , focusing on the effect of thermal fluctuations of atomic positions about their equilibrium positions .  ⁇ n we find that the rms deviation in atomic positions is logarithmically divergent for a wide range of temperatures , and that the rms deviation is a function of temperature .  ⁇ 
b' we propose to use the process of dark matter production associated with a heavy quarkonium at @xmath0 factories to search for dark matter at colliders .  ⁇ n we find that the dark matter production associated with a heavy quarkonium would be more effective for the dark matter detection than the dark matter production associated with a light meson if the effective coupling of dark matter to the quark pair is proportional to the quark mass .  ⁇ n we also find that the dark matter production associated with a heavy quarkonium would be more effective in the search of dark matter than the dark matter production associated with a light meson .  ⁇ n we also find that the dark matter production associated with a heavy quarkonium would be more effective in the search of dark matter than the dark matter production associated with a light meson .  ⁇ n we also find that the dark matter production associated with a heavy quarkonium would be more effective in the search of dark matter at colliders .  ⁇ 
b' in this paper , a novel scheme that combines network coding and fountain code transmission is proposed .  ⁇ n the scheme is based on digital network coding onto fountain encoded packets of two consecutive blocks , and allows source node to transmit together with the successful relay .  ⁇ n whereas in wireless channel , the scheme employs analogue network coding with appropriate power allocation .  ⁇ n the performance of the scheme is then analysed numerically , and it is shown to improve the overall throughput in both types of channel .  ⁇ n _ keywords _ : fountain code , erasure channel , wireless channel , fountain code , network coding , wireless channel . '
b' the lifetimes of the resonance states of a quantum system are calculated for the case of overlapping resonances .  ⁇ n the schrdinger equation with a non - hermitian hamiltonian is extended to the case of open system .  ⁇ n the corresponding schrdinger equation is solved for both the system and the environment of scattering wavefunctions into which the system is embedded .  ⁇ n the corresponding schrdinger equation contains an energy dependent source term describing the coupling between the system and the environment .  ⁇ n the corresponding schrdinger equation contains an energy dependent source term describing the coupling between the system and the environment .  ⁇ n the corresponding schrdinger equation contains an energy dependent source term describing the coupling between the system and the environment .  ⁇ n the corresponding schrdinger equation contains an energy dependent source term describing the coupling between the system and the environment .  ⁇ n the corresponding schrdinger equation is rewritten into a non - hermitian schrdinger equation with 
b' we propose a new approach to the numerical evaluation of certain general , not necessarily rational , infinite products .  ⁇ n this approach is based upon pad approximation and theorem [ thm : prodrat ] .  ⁇ n we illustrate this approach by applying it to the kepler bouwkamp constant .  ⁇ n we also discuss properties of short gamma quotients at rational arguments .  ⁇ n in particular , we offer an alternative proof of a result established in @xcite and @xcite .  ⁇ n finally , consideration of an infinite product defined in terms of the thue morse sequence naturally leads us to a curious open problem posed by shallit . '
b' we present a new , recursive , next - to - leading order qcd program , based on a recursive recursive method .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of spot modelling of the light curve of corot - exo-2a , a hot jupiter orbiting around a main - sequence g7 star .  ⁇ 
b' we study the effect of spin - orbit coupling and external zeeman fields on the @xmath0-wave superfluids in a quasi - one - dimensional array of atomic tubes .  ⁇ n we find that the fulde - ferrell - larkin - ovchinnikov ( fflo ) superfluid phase is enhanced in a spin - polarized quasi - one - dimensional fermi gas as the confinement of the atomic motion in the transverse directions is enhanced .  ⁇ n in addition , we find that the fflo superfluid phase is enhanced in a spin - polarized quasi - one - dimensional fermi gas as the optical lattice strength controls the transverse hopping between the tubes .  ⁇ n we also investigate the behavior of the system during the crossover from the 3d to 1d regimes by increasing the optical lattice strength that controls the transverse hopping between the tubes .  ⁇ n we find that the fflo superflui
b' we present a review of the status of the determination of the nucleon sigma terms using dynamical quarks .  ⁇ 
b' this paper studies the stability of a peer - to - peer ( p2p ) network .  ⁇ n the model includes a fixed seed that uploads with a constant rate , and new peers are allowed to download pieces from a seed or other peers .  ⁇ n new peers are allowed to depart as soon as they have completed their collection .  ⁇ n the main result is that the bottleneck for stability is the upload capacity of the seed .  ⁇ n if the arrival rate of new peers is greater than the seed upload rate , the number of peers in the system converges to infinity almost surely ; if the arrival rate of new peers is less than the seed upload rate , the system is positive recurrent and the mean number of peers in equilibrium is finite .  ⁇ n the main result is that if the arrival rate of new peers is less than the seed upload rate , the system is positive recurrent and the mean number of peers in equilibrium is finite . '
b' we study the convergence of a simple model of language or naming games ( ng ) on fully - connected , regular , and small - world networks .  ⁇ 
b' we experimentally demonstrate total light absorption ( tla ) in lamellar gratings of deeply subwavelength thickness .  ⁇ n we show that transverse electrically ( te ) polarized light , where the e - field is along the grating rulings , is totally absorbed in gratings composed of relatively weakly absorbing semiconductors with a complex refractive index , @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we also show numerically that transverse electrically ( te ) polarized light , where the e - field is along the grating rulings , is totally absorbed in gratings composed of relatively weakly absorbing semiconductors with @xmath1 .  ⁇ n we also show that tla can be achieved using a very wide range of materials , and that this can be achieved using a very wide range of materials .  ⁇ n we also show that tla can be achieved using a very wide range of materials . '
b' we study the mechanical properties of strongly aggregated particle gels under compressive stress .  ⁇ n the gels are assumed to be an assembly of fractal flocs of a fractal dimension @
b' we report the discovery of a mid - infrared cometary nebula around the pulsar psr j1549@xmath04848 , based on _ spitzer _ infrared array camera ( irac ) observations .  ⁇ n the nebula is a compact , spherical nebula , and is located at the center of the pulsar s bow shock .  ⁇ n the nebula is located at the center of the pulsar s bow shock , and is located at the center of the pulsar s bow shock .  ⁇ n the nebula is a compact , spherical nebula , and is located at the center of the pulsar s bow shock .  ⁇ n the nebula is a compact , spherical nebula , and is located at the center of the pulsar s bow shock .  ⁇ 
b' we study a model of a local pair superconductor with on - site density - density interaction @xmath0 and intersite pair hopping interaction @xmath1 .  ⁇ n the model is a generalization of the standard model of a local pair superconductor with on - site pairing to the case of finite pair binding energy .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the power - law tails of multiplicatively interacting stochastic processes .  ⁇ n the growth rate and power - law exponent of these processes are calculated analytically .  ⁇ n it is found that both parameters vary continuously depending on microscopic interaction parameters in a certain region .  ⁇ n this fact shows that the power - law behavior of multiplicatively interacting processes is vastly different from that of usual critical phenomena .  ⁇ n the second difference is universality .  ⁇ n the exponent is independent of microscopic parameters and therefore becomes an indicator of universality .  ⁇ n the dependence of the exponent on interaction parameters indicates that many - body processes are irreducible to one - body ones because interaction parameters are specific for many - body ones .  ⁇ n the principle of minimum growth rate is derived theoretically .  ⁇ n it is found that in weighted interactions , many - body processes belong to a different universality class from that of one - body ones . '
b' in this paper we introduce a new approach to characterize the maximum achievable analog network coding ( anc ) rate in layered relay networks .  ⁇ n the proposed approach is based on the notion of _ network simplification _ , introduced in @xcite to characterize fraction of the capacity of the gaussian @xmath0-relay diamond network when only @xmath0 out of @xmath1 available relay nodes are used .  ⁇ n we provide the optimal anc rate characterization in much general communication scenarios where any number @xmath0 of relay nodes in a layer are used and the source communicates with the destination over any number @
b' peer - to - peer ( p2p ) networks are a kind of open , decentralized overlay network on the internet on which distributed users communicate directly to find and share resources , often music and movie files .  ⁇ n these networks may be one of the few largest distributed computing systems ever , and more surprisingly , they can run with great stability and resilient performance in face of possibly the most ferocious dynamics .  ⁇ n this paper presents the first study on social associations of distributed peers in peer - to - peer ( p2p ) networks .  ⁇ n basic properties of the social networks , including degree distributions , local topological quantities and degree - degree correlations have been particularly studied in this paper .  ⁇ n the results have proved that peer social networks are small world networks , as peers are clustered and the path length between them is small .  ⁇ n moreover , most of the peers ( nearly 98.5% ) are pure resource providers , contributing to the high resource reliability and availability of p2p networks in resource sharing .  ⁇ n comparatively 
b' we propose a scheme for quantum state transport based on two - level bosonic ultracold atoms in optical superlattices .  ⁇ n the protocol is based on a symmetry breaking process , induced by the symmetry breaking of the initial state .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed analysis of the morphology of bipolar outflows from low - mass pre - main - sequence stars .  ⁇ n we focus on the physics of the accretion disks and the resulting outflows .  ⁇ 
b' we calculate the transport coefficients of the charm quark ( cq ) undergoing radiative loss by emitting gluons while propagating through the quark gluon plasma ( qgp ) .  ⁇ n we consider that the emitted gluons , being soft , get absorbed in the medium , thereby resulting in transporting the energy from the fast moving cq to the slow moving constituents of the bath .  ⁇ n this transport coefficients can be used to characterize the distribution function of the cq and the nature of the equilibrium distribution of the cq .  ⁇ n we also discuss the effect of the gluon radiation on the cq transport coefficients . '
b' we study the ground state of bond - alternating one - dimensional heisenberg antiferromagnets in external magnetic fields .  ⁇ 
b' we study the poisson properties of directed weighted planar graphs in an annulus .  ⁇ n we show that the space of edge weights of graphs in a disk can be endowed with a natural family of poisson brackets that  ⁇  respects '' the operation of concatenation of diagrams .  ⁇ n we then show that the analogue of postnikov s construction leads to a map into the space of loops in the grassmannian .  ⁇ n we show that the two - parameter family of poisson brackets can be further pushed - forward to the space of loops in the grassmannian .  ⁇ n we also prove that the two - parameter family of poisson brackets can be further pushed - forward to the space of loops in the grassmannian . '
b' we explore the dynamical form of the intracluster medium ( icm ) in clusters of galaxies , focusing on the impact of agn outflows on the icm dynamical structure .  ⁇ 
b' we present _ ab initio _ hartree - fock calculations for _ trans_-polyacetylene .  ⁇ n the wannier functions are obtained by _ a posteriori _ localization of bloch orbitals .  ⁇ n the results are compared with those of other authors .  ⁇ n in addition , we present the detailed band structure and cohesive energy of a model ionic polymer , namely , an infinite lih chain .  ⁇ n the results are compared with those of other authors .  ⁇ n we also present the detailed band structure and cohesive energy of a model ionic polymer , namely , an infinite lih chain . '
b' the electric dipole moment ( edm ) of charged hadrons is of high interest to disentangle various sources of @xmath0 violation .  ⁇ n a step - wise approach to perform such measurements has been presented .  ⁇ n after investigations of systematic errors at the existing cosy ring an upgraded cosy storage ring will be used to perform a first direct measurement of a charged hadron edm .  ⁇ n the next step will be the construction of dedicated storage rings at forschungszentrum jlich in germany and brookhaven national laboratory in the usa to reach for a higher sensitivity of @
b' we present a quantum model of photon - pair emission in a nonlinear , one - dimensional photonic - band - gap structure .  ⁇ n the model is based on a perturbative solution of the schrdinger equation .  ⁇ n the model is compared with the results of a classical nonlinear optics model .  ⁇ 
b' we consider maximum likelihood estimation for a family of deterministic systems observed with noise .  ⁇ n we show that maximum likelihood estimation is a consistent method of estimation of the parameter .  ⁇ n we also establish several connections between well - studied properties of dynamical systems and the statistical properties relevant to maximum likelihood estimation .  ⁇ n finally , we apply these results to some examples , including shifts of finite type with gibbs measures and axiom a attractors with srb ( sinai ruelle  ⁇ n bowen ) measures . '
b' we study the lepton polarization asymmetries associated with final state leptons ( @xmath0 and @xmath1 ) in radiative dileptonic decay ( ) within the framework of minimal supersymmetric standard model ( mssm ) .  ⁇ n we also study the effects of polarized photon ( photon of a particular helicity ) on the lepton polarization asymmetries .  ⁇ n we also study the effects of polarized photon on the lepton polarization asymmetries .  ⁇ n we also study the effects of polarized photon on the lepton polarization asymmetries .  ⁇ n we also study the effects of polarized photon on the lepton polarization asymmetries .  ⁇ n we also study the effects of polarized photon on the lepton polarization asymmetries .  ⁇ n we also study the effects of polarized photon on the lepton polarization asymmetries .  ⁇ n we also discuss
b' we present a new algorithm for the simulation of complex fluids based on geometric symmetry operations .  ⁇ n the algorithm is based on a nonlocal monte carlo scheme to generate uncorrelated configurations of particles .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the effect of the individual perception of the risk of being infected on the spreading of an epidemics .  ⁇ n we consider a simple model , a sis or sir one , and a random graph .  ⁇ n we show that the probability distribution of contacts exhibits a power - law behavior , with an exponent between two and three .  ⁇ 
b' we study the effects of time delays on the symbolic dynamics of discrete - time systems with multiple connection delays .  ⁇ n we extend the notion of forbidden words , that is , symbol sequences whose appearance is restricted by the dynamical constraints , to systems with delays .  ⁇ n we show how forbidden words are related to the time delays in the system and how this information provides useful information about the dynamics .  ⁇ n we apply the theoretical findings to two important practical problems : detecting synchrony in a large network with multiple delays using measurements from only a few nodes , and determining unknown values of the delays in the network . '
b' we study the renormalization of the pion decay constant in the nuclear medium .  ⁇ n we show that the pions renormalize the coupling constants of the axial current and that the renormalization can be expressed in terms of the pion scalar density .  ⁇ n the pion scalar density also enters in the quark condensate evolution .  ⁇ n we also discuss the implications of chiral symmetry restoration in the nuclear medium . '
b' we present a semi - analytic model of the evolution of the brightest galaxies in the @xmath0cdm cosmology .  ⁇ 
b' we show that the recently released fermi - lat data on the sum of electrons and positrons , together with the hess data , can be explained in terms of dark matter annihilation .  ⁇ n we compute confidence regions of the parameters needed in the dark matter sector to fit the data , and we show examples of the remarkably high quality fits obtained by some of the best - fit models .  ⁇ n we also show that the best - fit models reproduce the break at high energy by the hess collaboration .  ⁇ n we also point out two features of viable models , which had already been inferred in some other work , which had already been inferred by checking other bounds .  ⁇ n we point out that the measured distribution seems to favour direct dark matter annihilation to @xmath0 , with very little of @xmath1 or @xmath2 , thus pointing to an unusual underlying particle physics model .  ⁇ n however , if the annihilation is first into low - mass states which subsequently decay
b' we study the decoherence of a charge qubit in a double quantum dot .  ⁇ n we show that the electron charge movement induces phonon creation and annihilation , thus leading to energy relaxation and decoherence .  ⁇ n we follow the time dependence of the system s reduced density matrix , after tracing out the phonon bath , using the redfield formalism in the born and markov approximations .  ⁇ n our results show that decoherence rates for this situation are one to two orders of magnitude weaker than previously estimated .  ⁇ n the discrepancy arises mainly due to the use of different spectral functions .  ⁇ n our calculations indicate that phonons are likely not the main source of decoherence in current double quantum dot setups . '
b' the twin paradox is a well known phenomenon in physics .  ⁇ n it is a puzzle that the twin paradox does not exist .  ⁇ n we show that this paradox is incorrect and that it does not exist .  ⁇ n we also discuss some real effects of relativity , especially with respect to the consequences of lorentz invariance in accelerated systems . '
b' we present a detailed study of the electronic structure of epitaxial graphene on sic substrate .  ⁇ n the graphene is a honeycomb lattice of carbon atoms arranged on a honeycomb lattice .  ⁇ n the unit cell contains two equivalent carbon atoms , named a and b .  ⁇ n the electronic structure of the graphene is characterized by two bands with a linear dispersion that cross at the fermi level .  ⁇ n the c - terminated case is characterized by a @xmath0 cell .  ⁇ n the c buffer layer is strongly distorted so that it can not be seen as a graphene layer but it should instead be considered as the very beginnings of graphene .  ⁇ n the actual structure is elucidated at the atomic scale .  ⁇ n moreover , ripples are shown to be generated in the otherwise graphene like second plane . '
b' we present a study of the time evolution of the optical continuum flux in the nova v1668 cyg .  ⁇ 
b' nova outbursts are thermonuclear runaway events on white dwarfs .  ⁇ n the nova outbursts show a wide variety of the recurrence period , the light curve , the duration time and the expanding speed of gaseous matter .  ⁇ n the mass loss during nova outbursts is a radiation - driven wind which is accelerated deep inside the photosphere .  ⁇ 
b' the supernova sn2006gy appears to be a minor member of the perseus - pisces cluster .  ⁇ 
b' we present _ hubble space telescope _  ⁇ 
b' we present a model for the cosmic microwave background ( cmb ) power spectrum , which is based on the wmap data .  ⁇ 
b' the lagrangian points of a gravitationally bound two - body system are a feature of newtonian gravity .  ⁇ n the traditional labelling of the five points is @xmath0 , @xmath1 , @xmath2 , @xmath3 and the geometry of the system is as sketched in fig .  ⁇ n [ fig . 1 ] .  ⁇ n the advantage of the set of the lagrangian points is that they form a configuration rigidly rotating together with the earth .  ⁇ n this property has already been exploited many times for space missions , such as wmap , the herschel space observatory , the deep space climate observatory , the solar and heliospheric observatory and lisa pathfinder .  ⁇ n the present paper will discuss the advantages of the lagrangian points for fundamental physics experiments and for the positioning and guidance of spacecraft out of the terrestrial environment .  ⁇ 
b' we present an x - ray study of the cold front ( cf ) in the merging cluster abell3667 .  ⁇ n the cfs are found to be sloshing , with a width of @xmath0 .  ⁇ 
b' we study the electronic transport properties of a strongly correlated quantum dot connected to two leads and to a quantum ring pierced by a magnetic flux .  ⁇ n the system is conditioned by the interplay between two different kondo effects , the bulk kondo regime that results from the connection of the quantum dot to the leads and the kondo box regime due to the interaction between the qd and the ring .  ⁇ 
b' we present a novel measurement protocol , based on a partial - collapse measurement , that allows for high fidelity discrimination between qubit states on the background of quantum fluctuations .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a variable structure control approach with sliding modes to enhance the robustness of quantum systems .  ⁇ n the sliding mode control strategy is a widely used design method in classical control theory and industrial applications where one can change the controller structure according to a specified switching logic in order to obtain desired closed - loop properties .  ⁇ n we propose two approaches of designing the measurement period for different situations which are dependent on the bound on the uncertainties and the allowed probability of failure .  ⁇ 
b' the evolutionary scenario for very metal poor stars is extended to lower metallicities .  ⁇ n the main aim of this paper is to discuss the evolutionary behavior of low mass , metal deficient stars .  ⁇ n the main results of this investigation are : ( i ) the h burning evolution for the given choice of the metallicity , ( ii ) the occurrence of he burning pulsators , ( iii ) the occurrence of he burning pulsators and ( iv ) the occurrence of he burning pulsators .  ⁇ n pacs numbers : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : 
b' we consider the bouncing ball model , a classical particle confined to bounce between two infinitely heavy and rigid walls .  ⁇ n one of the walls is assumed to be fixed while the other one moves in time according to a periodic function .  ⁇ n we consider the case of a particle , undergoing inelastic collisions with one of the walls .  ⁇ n we show that the phase space of the model is of mixed kind , in the sense that depending on the combination of both the control parameters and initial conditions , invariant spanning curves limiting the size of chaotic seas and kolmogorov - arnold - moser islands can all be observed .  ⁇ n we also consider the case of a particle experiencing inelastic collisions with one of the walls .  ⁇ n we show that the phase space of the model is of mixed kind .  ⁇ 
b' the renormalization group improved black hole solutions with scale dependent couplings @xmath0 and @xmath1 are studied .  ⁇ n the resulting metric and the functional form of those couplings are derived .  ⁇ n the induced flow for the adimensional couplings is derived and compared to the erg results .  ⁇ n the anomalous dimensions of the induced couplings and the product of couplings are discussed and compared to the findings in the erg approach . '
b' we consider level artinian monomial almost complete intersections in three variables .  ⁇ 
b' we study two - dimensional @xmath0 @xmath1 supersymmetric yang - mills theory on two - torus using sugino s lattice regularization .  ⁇ n we study @xmath2 and extrapolate to the planar limit @xmath3 .  ⁇ 
b' we present numerical results for the vibrational spectrum of glass and defective crystals with randomly - cut bonds .  ⁇ n we identify the micro - structural key - factor , which controls the boson peak in both models of glasses and defective crystals , with the _ local _ center - inversion symmetry measured not with respect to the center of the unit cell , but , crucially , with any atom taken as a local center of symmetry .  ⁇ n we show that model glasses and defective crystals having the same average atomic connectivity , as well as the same density and interatomic interaction , display the same boson peak in spite of having very different values of bond - orientational order .  ⁇ n the proposed framework thus naturally provides a unifying framework to explain the boson peak in glasses and defective crystals . '
b' we experimentally demonstrate that the optical polarization and changes in the geometry ( pitch and fill - factor ) of superconducting nanowire single photon detectors ( snspds ) affect their absorptance and efficiency .  ⁇ n for example , for devices with 200 nm pitch and 50% fill - factor , we found that 21% of light incident from the front was absorbed for parallel polarization , while only 10% was absorbed for perpendicular polarization .  ⁇ n the absorptance was reduced to 14% and 6% for parallel and perpendicular polarizations , respectively , for devices with the same pitch but a 25% fill - factor .  ⁇ n we propose a numerical model that qualitatively explains our experimental data .  ⁇ n we also measured the device detection efficiency and absorptance .  ⁇ n finally , we also propose a model that qualitatively explains our experimental data . '
b' we investigate the thermodynamic properties of the trapped bose - einstein condensates with the equal rashba and dresselhaus spin orbit couplings .  ⁇ n we find that the phase transition from the separate phase to the minimum phase can be driven by the tunable temperature .  ⁇ n moreover , the corresponding critical temperature is derived exactly and is independent of the trap potential .  ⁇ n we also find that the specific heat has a large jump at the critical temperature .  ⁇ n this step behavior is quite different from that of the atom population , which varies smoothly when crossing the critical point .  ⁇ n it implies that the temperature - driven phase transition can be well detected by measuring the specific heat .  ⁇ n moreover , the analytical expressions for the specific heat and the entropy are also presented . '
b' we construct rank one surfaces such that there exist recurrent rank one geodesics that can not be shadowed by periodic geodesics .  ⁇ n we also construct rank one surfaces such that the set of periodic geodesics is connected , and ergodic measures with full support are dense in the set of all probability measures invariant by the unit tangent bundle of the surface .  ⁇ n we also construct rank one surfaces such that the set of periodic geodesics is connected , and the periodic orbits are dense in the set of all probability measures invariant by the unit tangent bundle . '
b' we study the fractional quantum hall effect in a quasi - two - dimensional gas of polarized fermionic dipoles .  ⁇ n the dipole - dipole interaction is anisotropic in the plane of the applied electric and magnetic fields .  ⁇ n the dipole - dipole interaction is tunable by the tilt angle and the rotation frequency .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new method to derive the luminosity function of gamma - ray bursts ( grbs ) .  ⁇ n we use the universal structured jet model to derive the luminosity function of grbs .  ⁇ n we find that the luminosity function of grbs is a power law with a slope @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the slope of the luminosity function is @xmath1 .  ⁇ n the slope of the luminosity function is @xmath2 .  ⁇ n the slope of the luminosity function is @xmath3 .  ⁇ n the slope of the luminosity function is @xmath4 .  ⁇ n the slope of the luminosity function is @xmath5 .  ⁇ n the slope of the luminosity function is @xmath6 .  ⁇ n the slope of the luminosity function is @xmath7 .  ⁇ n the slope of the luminosity function is @xmath8 .  ⁇ n the slope of the luminos
b' we study the onset of shear localization and the emergence of shear bands in a simple model of a non - newtonian fluid with temperature decreasing viscosity .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the contribution of obscured agns to the far infrared background ( firb ) , using the latest observational data .  ⁇ 
b' we study the non - local transport in a planar nisin superconductor in the presence of a magnetic field .  ⁇ n we solve a microscopic model for the current profile and the non - local conductance .  ⁇ 
b' we report direct numerical evidence that the crystallinity and the hydrophilicity of the carbon surface are strongly coupled to dominate the kinetics of ice nucleation .  ⁇ n we find that only within certain ranges of hydrophilicity does the crystallinity of the carbon surface play an active role in nucleating ice , and within these ranges , crystalline carbon surface is found to be significantly more efficient than the amorphous .  ⁇ n in other hydrophilicity , the role of crystalline ordering becomes negligible , and no appreciable difference is observed in the directly computed ice nucleation rates between the crystalline and amorphous surfaces .  ⁇ n our study demonstrates that the commonly adopted individual criterion for good ice nucleation alone may not be sufficient for predicting the ice nucleation capacity of a surface , and points at ways of engineering surfaces for controlling ice formation . '
b' we present a new scenario of the increasingly strongly interacting parton plasma ( isipp ) .  ⁇ 
b' we characterize the delocalizing curve of gap - solitons in two and three dimensions in terms of an unstable solution of the multidimensional gross - pitaeviskii equation .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a polarization survey of soft x - ray selected active galactic nuclei ( agn ) .  ⁇ 
b' we develop a general quantum formalism allowing an analytical treatment of the parametric oscillator under pulsed pumping , both below and above the stimulation threshold .  ⁇ n we introduce the hyperspin pseudovector whose components describe the pair correlations between pump , signal and idler states .  ⁇ n we analyze the schroedinger equation in the hyperspin space and show that the number of relevant variables in the equation can be reduced , and its quasi - classical solution can be found .  ⁇ n we show that the dynamics of the parametric oscillator can be described by the liouville equation where the squared wavefunction of the parametric oscillator plays the role of a classical distribution function .  ⁇ n we also obtain values of the second - order coherence in the steady - state regime and demonstrate that parametric oscillations of polaritons between signal , pump and idler lead to disappearance of the initial coherence . '
b' in this contribution , we consider two possible aggregation schemes for online prediction learning .  ⁇ n we provide oracle inequalities for the aggregated predictors under the following main assumptions : ( 1 ) the observations are sub - linearly with respect to a sequence of random variables with possibly time varying linear coefficients and ( 2 ) the predictors to be aggregated are lipschitz functions of the past .  ⁇ n we provide oracle inequalities for the aggregated predictors under the following main assumptions : ( 1 ) the observations are sub - linear with respect to a sequence of random variables with possibly time varying linear coefficients and ( 2 ) the predictors to be aggregated are lipschitz functions of the past .  ⁇ n an important feature of our observation model is that it embeds the well - known class of locally stationary processes . as an application , we focus on the time varying autoregressive ( tvar ) process .  ⁇ n we show that the proposed aggregation methods provide a solution to this question , in
b' in this paper we propose a novel combination of ner - nufft and ned- nufft for photoacoustic reconstructions from ultrasound signals recorded at non - equispaced positions on a planar surface .  ⁇ n the proposed method is based on the discretization of the analytic inversion formulas , which contains evaluation at non - equidistant sample points in frequency domain .  ⁇ n we also consider evaluation at non - uniform sampling points .  ⁇ n we show the applicability and superiority of the ( ned)ner - nufft reconstruction formula in three spatial dimensions , compared with standard interpolation fft reconstruction .  ⁇ n we also demonstrate the applicability and superiority of the ( ned)ner - nufft reconstruction formula in three spatial dimensions , compared with standard interpolation fft reconstruction . '
b' we study the higgs - boson production and decay in the standard model at one and two loops .  ⁇ n we show that the leading corrections to the partial widths of the higgs - boson decays to pairs of fermions and intermediate bosons are of the form @xmath0 , where @xmath1 is the higgs mass .  ⁇ n the @xmath2 corrections to the partial widths of the higgs - boson decays to fermions and intermediate bosons are of the form @xmath3 .  ⁇ n we also show that the @xmath4 corrections to the partial widths of the higgs - boson decays to fermions and intermediate bosons are of the form @xmath4 .  ⁇ n we also discuss the implications of the @xmath3 corrections to the partial widths of the higgs - boson decays to fermions and intermediate bosons . '
b' we present the results of a multi - epoch , wide - field , multi - frequency , multi - epoch radio interferometric study of the nearby starburst galaxy ngc 253 .  ⁇ 
b' we study the dynamics of a two - level system ( tl
b' we study the thermodynamic properties of strongly interacting matter using the polyakov loop extended nambu jona - lasinio model with eight - quark interaction terms in the lagrangian with three - momentum cutoff regularisation .  ⁇ n we find that the thermodynamic quantities like quark number susceptibility , isospin number susceptibility , specific heat @xmath0 and speed of sound @
b' we study the synchronization of two coupled oscillators .  ⁇ n the system is modeled by the chemical kinetics of four metabolites .  ⁇ n the resulting reaction equations have a globally stable limit cycle .  ⁇ n the concentrations of the metabolites always tend to the same fixed levels .  ⁇ n the resulting equations have a globally stable limit cycle .  ⁇ 
b' we study the effects of noise on the pattern formation of plankton patterns .  ⁇ n we show that the inclusion of diffusion and advection can generate patterns in the population dynamics .  ⁇ n we also discuss spectral analysis , one of the main tools used in studying plankton patterns . '
b' we study the critical behavior of the black hole solution in hoava - lifshitz theory of gravity .  ⁇ n we find that the critical exponents of the black hole solution are characterized by a set of power laws characterized by a set of static critical exponents .  ⁇ n we also study the critical behavior of the black hole solution in the presence of a constant scalar field .  ⁇ 
b' we study the electron transport through a side - attached square cavity .  ⁇ n the local density of states at the fermi level is calculated by solving the density functional theory equations .  ⁇ n the tip potential is found to be close to lorentzian .  ⁇ n the local density of states at the fermi level is highly correlated to conductance maps when the fermi energy level enters into fano resonance with states localized within the cavity .  ⁇ n outside the fano resonances the maps calculated for weak tip potentials agree with the lipmann - schwinger perturbation theory .  ⁇ n the maps calculated for weak tip potentials agree with the lipmann - schwinger perturbation theory but are not correlated in a clear way with the local density of states . '
b' we study the ground states of a lattice gas model which describes linear chain structures of adatoms adsorbed on ( 112 ) surfaces of bcc metals ( w , mo ) .  ⁇ n the model is based on a two - dimensional lattice gas model which describes the adsorption of w and mo on ( 112 ) faces of tungsten and molybdenum .  ⁇ 
b' we prove that a solution to the chinese rings puzzle is the simplest possible .  ⁇ n this solution is based on an inductive argument in the number of columns .  ⁇ n we also show that the chinese rings can be presented in a somewhat more regular form .  ⁇ n a precise answer to this problem requires an objective measure of the complexity of possible solutions to the puzzle .  ⁇ n a solution to this problem requires an objective measure of the complexity of possible solutions .  ⁇ n we also show that the chinese rings can be presented in a somewhat more regular form . '
b' i present a statistical analysis of the distribution of nearby stars in the solar neighbourhood .  ⁇ n i use the geneva - copenhagen survey of nearby stars to determine distances and proper motions for a sample of @xmath0 stars .  ⁇ n i find that the distribution of nearby stars is remarkably uniform , with a slightly higher density in the declination range south of @xmath0 .  ⁇ n i also find evidence to corroborate this claim . '
b' we calculate the gravitational fine - structure constants @xmath0 and @xmath1 in the dirac schwarzschild hamiltonian , which is obtained for a dirac particle in the static schwarzschild metric .  ⁇ n we find that the familiar @xmath2 degeneracy of the energy levels of the dirac  ⁇ 
b' we consider the relaxation dynamics of suspensions of particles interacting via a harmonic potential .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed analysis of the metal abundances in the damped ly@xmath0 system ( dla ) observed along the two lines of sight toward he0512@xmath23329 .  ⁇ n the dla is a double image qso at @
b' the current status of standard models for the chemical evolution of the galactic disk is reviewed , with particular emphasis on the effect of gas accretion on the element abundances and gradients .  ⁇ 
b' we present a theoretical study of the edge states of a hard - wall quantum wire with a cleaved - edge overgrown gaas(001 ) substrate .  ⁇ n the edge states are described by a hamiltonian describing the electrons in the cleaved - edge overgrown quantum wires .  ⁇ n the hamiltonian is derived by a renormalization group approach .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a general framework to improve the estimation and the prediction of a parametric multi - equation model over a short dataset .  ⁇ n we assume that the long and the short datasets are somehow similar in a non - obvious way .  ⁇ 
b' we study cp - violating effects in b - decays in the minimal supersymmetric standard model .  ⁇ n we show that , in the favorable region of the parametric space , the ckm model can predict the correct values of the cp - phases .  ⁇ 
b' we study the phase structure of qcd in the presence of a chiral chemical condensate .  ⁇ n we simulate the gluonic background with the standard wilson plaquette action and the chiral chemical potential .  ⁇ n we find that the phase structure of the gluonic background is modified by the chiral chemical potential .  ⁇ 
b' we have studied the spectra of the merger seyfert galaxy arp 220 ( z=0.018 ) , in the optical and infrared ranges .  ⁇ n we have found that the optical spectra are better reproduced by the agn and the starburst , while the infrared spectra are explained by the starburst .  ⁇ n the ir spectra are modeled by a shock wave hydrodynamic regime .  ⁇ n the ionizing flux from the agn and from the starburst is taken into account .  ⁇ n the ionizing flux from the starburst is taken into account .  ⁇ n the ionizing flux from the starburst is taken into account .  ⁇ n the ionizing flux from the starburst is taken into account .  ⁇ n the ionizing flux from the starburst is taken into account .  ⁇ n the ionizing flux from the starburst is taken into account .  ⁇ 
b' we study the effect of an external medium on the collective dynamics of coupled systems .  ⁇ n we consider a network of @xmath0 systems and develop the stability analysis for the general case .  ⁇ n we find that the coupling among the units can give rise to a synchronizing tendency , while the coupling through the environment has a tendency to drive the system to a state where the sum of the variables is small .  ⁇ n the combined effect of these two tendencies is to lead the coupled systems to the state of amplitude death .  ⁇ n our results are supplemented by detailed numerical analysis where indices of amplitude death are computed directly from simulations .  ⁇ n we find that the mechanism of amplitude death is quite general and effective in inducing amplitude death in two systems coupled by different types of coupling and of different intrinsic dynamics . '
b' we present a numerical study of exact breather dynamics in two - dimensional anisotropic nonlinear schrdinger lattices .  ⁇ n the numerically exact solutions are obtained by means of shooting methods .  ⁇ n the stability and structural properties of the discrete breathers are analyzed .  ⁇ n the numerically exact solutions are found to be stable against the quasi - collapse of the discrete breathers .  ⁇ n the stability of the discrete breathers is analyzed in detail .  ⁇ n the analysis of the numerically exact solutions sheds light on some features of the properties and stability of localized solutions reported in previous works . '
b' we present a stochastic path integral formalism for continuous measurements of quantum systems .  ⁇ n the formalism is based on a path integral representation of probability distributions of quantum trajectories .  ⁇ n this includes computing statistical averages or expectation values with the ability to condition on definite quantum states at particular times .  ⁇ n we present several examples of the formalism including a qubit system under the influence of measurement alone , measurement with concurrent unitary dynamics , and qubit measurement with feedback control .  ⁇ n moreover , in an example of qubit measurement with linear feedback , we utilize a phase portrait analysis to investigate the most likely behaviour of the system dynamics .  ⁇ n we also present a simple and practical approach for qubit state stabilization . '
b' we consider a programmable discrimination protocol for arbitrary pairs of quantum states .  ⁇ n the discriminator is designed to report whether the state of the data is that of the first program or whether it is that of the second program .  ⁇ n we show that , in some settings , optimal performance can be attained with a suitable measurement on the two programs followed by a measurement on the data .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the properties of the path integral over reparametrizations , i.e. functions with a nonnegative derivative , by applying analytical and numerical methods to its discretized version .  ⁇ n we reformulate the problem in the language of a proper stochastic process and find that typical trajectories are in general not brownian but rather may have discontinuities of the type of lvy s flights .  ⁇ n we study a fractal structure of these trajectories and show that their hausdorff dimension varies between zero and one , depending on the form of the integrand .  ⁇ n in particular , our analytical and numerical results confirm the discretization and heuristic consideration of the path integral over reparametrizations in qcd scattering amplitudes . '
b' we present a measurement of the spurious convergence and the 2-point correlation function of the spurious convergence from the flat field images .  ⁇ n we find that the spurious convergence is a significant bias in cosmological parameters .  ⁇ 
b' we report the detailed experimental investigation and the corresponding theoretical analysis of electromagnetically induced transparency and dark fluorescence in a cascade three - level diatomic lithium in an inhomogeneously broadened environment .  ⁇ n we have incorporated the effect of the magnetic sublevel degeneracy of the rotational levels in the lineshape analysis and report @xmath0-dependent lineshape splitting .  ⁇ n we show that the coherence is remarkably preserved even when the coupling field was detuned far from the resonance .  ⁇ n we also demonstrate that the coupling laser field dependent splitting of the upper level can be used as a new method for measuring the molecular transition dipole moment matrix element .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the anisotropy of cosmic acceleration in different parts of the whole sky .  ⁇ n we divide the union2 dataset into 12 parts according to their positions in galactic coordinate system , and find the significant difference for different regions .  ⁇ n we extract the lowest multipole components , i.e. monopole and dipole , in this anisotropic map , and find that the monopole amplitude is @xmath0 , which is consistent with other observations , and shows the present acceleration of cosmic expansion . meanwhile , we find the significant dipole , which deviates from zero in more than 2-@xmath2 confident level .  ⁇ n interesting enough , the direction of the best - fit dipole is at ( @xmath3 , @xmath4),,@xmath5 in the galactic system , which relates to the galactic coordinate by @xmath6 , and the angle between these two dipole directions is @xmath5 .  ⁇ n this implies that the origin of the ani
b' we propose a technique for sparsifying a non - uniformly sampled curve in @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the sparsification is carried out so that the resulting set is locally uniform and still good for homology inference .  ⁇ n the sparsification also addresses the problem of  ⁇  size ' and  ⁇  size ' of the complex .  ⁇ n our algorithm first identifies a set of points that supposedly approximates only a subset of the medial axis .  ⁇ n in contrast , we approximate the medial axis only with a _ lean set _ of @xmath2 points ( which can be brought down to @
b' we study the charged particle transverse momentum spectra produced in central pb+pb collisions at 2.76 tev .  ⁇ n the tsallis distribution is derived from the non - extensive thermodynamics .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new approach to numerical simulations of dusty disks around stars .  ⁇ n we consider a stationary distribution of particles in the frame co - rotating with the star .  ⁇ n the locus of the given dust particle s positions is recorded and considered as the positions of _ many other particles _ produced by the same source of dust but _ at a different time _ .  ⁇ n after this particle  ⁇  dies , its recorded positions form a stationary distribution as if it were produced by many particles .  ⁇ n after this particle  ⁇ n  ⁇  dies , its recorded positions form a stationary distribution as if it were produced by many other particles .  ⁇ n after this particle  ⁇  dies , its recorded positions form a stationary distribution as if it were produced by many particles .  ⁇ n after this particle  ⁇  dies , its recorded positions form a stationary distribution as if it were produced by many particles .  ⁇ n after this particle  ⁇  dies , its recorded positions form a stationary distribution as if it were produced by many particles .  ⁇ 
b' we experimentally realize a quantum hall mach - zehnder interferometer based on two co - propagating edge states at a single sample edge .  ⁇ n the interferometer is realized by allowed intra - edge elastic transitions within the same landau sublevel .  ⁇ n the formation of the interference loop can be understood as a splitting and a further reconnection of a single edge state .  ⁇ n we observe an aharonov - bohm type interference pattern even for low - size interferometers .  ⁇ n this novel interference scheme demonstrates high visibility even at millivolt imbalances and survives in a wide temperature range . '
b' we present a formal proof and an assisted proof of a discrete version of the jordan curve theorem .  ⁇ n the proofs are based on a hypermap framework .  ⁇ n the hypermap framework is entirely formalized and the proofs are verified interactively by the coq proof assistant .  ⁇ n the present work brings new simple constructive planarity and connectivity criteria .  ⁇ n it also proposes a new direct expression of jordan curve theorem and a simple constructive proof with algorithmic extensions .  ⁇ n it is also a large benchmark for the software specification framework we have been developing in the last fifteen years for map models used in geometric modeling and computer imagery . '
b' we study the dynamics of the s&p500 index in the framework of a nonlinear fokker - planck equation .  ⁇ n the nonlinear fokker - planck equation is solved by time - dependent distributions which maximize the tsallis entropy .  ⁇ n we show that this approach is able to describe the high - frequency intra - day price changes .  ⁇ n we also show that this approach may be suitable to describe the superdiffusion and power law behaviors observed in a broad range of markets and exchanges . '
b' i discuss the possibility of cpt violation in the neutrino sector .  ⁇ n i argue that the current neutrino data may set strong limits on particular cpt violating operators , while potentially stronger limits may be imposed by future neutrino experiments , such as kamland and borexino .  ⁇ n i also discuss the possibility of detecting cpt violating effects in the neutrino sector .  ⁇ n i conclude that , if the neutrino puzzles and the lsnd anomaly can be solved in a satisfactory way , the current neutrino data already set very strong limits on particular cpt violating operators , while potentially stronger limits may be imposed by future neutrino experiments . '
b' we study fermi polaron and molecule states in a one - dimensional spin-1/2 delta - function interacting fermi gas .  ⁇ n the single spin - down fermion gets dressed by the surrounding spin - up fermions to form a polaron - like quasiparticle .  ⁇ n however , as the attractive interaction grows , the spin - down fermion binds only one spin - up fermion from the medium to gradually form a tightly bound molecule .  ⁇ n we analytically and numerically calculate the polaron energy , the binding energy , the effective mass , the effective mass and the probability distribution functions of the polaron and molecule .  ⁇ n our result provides a microscopic origin of the polarons and molecules resulting from quantum impurities . '
b' we present a new approach to the analysis of weakly bound systems , based on the uncorrelated scattering approximation .  ⁇ n the approach is based on the fact that , for a weakly bound projectile , the correlations between the constituents are weak and so , to some extent , they are expected to evolve independently in the strong field of a heavy target .  ⁇ n the scattering observables of the process are given in terms of two body constituent - target observable
b' we investigate the finite temperature phase diagram of a fermionic thermal projected entangled pair state ( peps ) with ancillas .  ⁇ 
b' we present a complete next - to - leading order calculation of the production cross sections for top - quark pairs at the lhc .  ⁇ n the calculation is performed in the framework of the mcfm code .  ⁇ n the leading - color approximation to the full result is used .  ⁇ n the leading - color approximation is used to evaluate the one - loop matrix elements .  ⁇ n the corresponding one - loop results are presented .  ⁇ n the corresponding nlo predictions are presented .  ⁇ n lpt - tp-97 - 05 + hep - ph/9705050 + hep - ph/9705050 + hep - ph/9705050 + hep - ph/9705050 + hep - ph/9705050 + hep - ph/9705050 + hep - ph/9705050 + hep -
b' i summarize recent progress in the field of chirally enhanced self - energies in the mssm done in collaboration with jennifer girrbach , lars hofer , ulrich nierste , janusz rosiek and dominik scherer .  ⁇ n the discussion will skip the technical aspects and subtleties and instead focus on the essential features .  ⁇ n the discussion will skip the technical aspects and subtleties and instead focus on the essential features .  ⁇ n the discussion will skip the technical aspects and subtleties and instead focus on the essential features .  ⁇ n the discussion will skip the technical aspects and subtleties and instead focus on the essential features .  ⁇ n the discussion will skip the technical aspects and subtleties and instead focus on the essential features .  ⁇ n the discussion will skip the technical aspects and subtleties and instead focus on the essential features .  ⁇ n the discussion will skip the technical aspects and subtleties and instead focus on the essential features .  ⁇ n the discussion will skip the technical aspects and subtleties and instead focus on the essential features .  ⁇ 
b' we perform numerical modelling of the migration of exoplanets in protoplanetary discs , in order to explore the influence of different photoevaporation models and of the initial planet mass function on the final distributions of exoplanets semi - major axe
b' we derive the matter power spectrum of a generic dark energy model without solving the perturbation equations for the radiation and matter components .  ⁇ n the observables include ( a ) the fluctuation of the matter density perturbations on a sphere of @xmath0mpc , ( b ) the rms peculiar velocity of matter on spheres of @xmath1mpc , and ( c ) the rms peculiar velocity of matter on spheres of @xmath2mpc .  ⁇ n the observables include ( a ) the fluctuation of the matter density perturbations on a sphere of @xmath3mpc , ( b ) the rms peculiar velocity of matter on spheres of @xmath3mpc , and ( c ) the rms peculiar velocity of matter on spheres of @xmath3mpc .  ⁇ n the observables can be computed in terms of the matter power spectrum alone and can be used to constrain the model beyond the expansion rate
b' we discuss some recent proposals for reforming the peer - reviewed publication system .  ⁇ 
b' we present a review of the status of the lattice qcd calculation of the structure and interactions of nuclei .  ⁇ n we discuss the chiral expansion of the nucleon - nucleon potential , the chiral symmetry breaking , and the chiral symmetry breaking .  ⁇ n we discuss the chiral expansion of the nucleon - nucleon potential and the chiral symmetry breaking .  ⁇ 
b' we report the first momentum - resolved study of the fermi surface of lanio@xmath0 , a three - dimensional correlated oxide .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the neutral gas distribution and kinematics of the face on sc galaxy ngc 1232 .  ⁇ n the neutral gas velocity dispersion is found to be constant in the outer gas disk , and to be a factor of 1.3 to 2 times the size of the optical disk in face on spiral galaxie
b' we present the results of a deep imaging survey of the leo i group , a nearby poor group at a distance of 10 mpc .  ⁇ 
b' the @xmath0 transitions in a medium followed by annihilation are considered .  ⁇ n the potential model is used .  ⁇ n the effect of final state absorption ( annihilation ) acts in the opposite ( wrong ) direction , which tends to the additional suppression of the @xmath0 transition .  ⁇ n the potential model is rejected because the unitarity condition is used for the essentially non - unitary @xmath1-matrix .  ⁇ n the model which is free of drawbacks given above is unsuitable because the @xmath0 transition takes place in the propagator which is wrong .  ⁇ n the neutron of the nucleus is in the bound state and so the neutron line entering into the @xmath0 transition vertex should be the wave function , but not the propagator .  ⁇ n the result of the model which is free of drawbacks given above is incorrect .  ⁇ n the model which is free of drawbacks given above is not applicable .  ⁇ n the model which is free of drawback
b' the longitudinal bb impedance of the nestor ring is calculated with cst - mws simulations .  ⁇ n the impedance @xmath0 is calculated from the wake function through fft .  ⁇ n the bb impedance @xmath1 is found to be @xmath2 .  ⁇ n the bb impedance @xmath3 is found to be @xmath4 .  ⁇ n the bb impedance @xmath5 is found to be @xmath4 .  ⁇ n the bb impedance @xmath2 is found to be @xmath4 . '
b' we consider indirect manifestation of color octet electrons at the next generation linear colliders : international linear collider ( ilc ) and compact linear collider ( clic ) .  ⁇ n we present the interaction lagrangian of leptogluons with the corresponding lepton and gluon .  ⁇ n the cross - section for the process @xmath0 via t - channel @xmath0 exchange at @
b' we study theoretically the coupling between graphene plasmons and substrate surface plasmons in a structure with a heavily - doped substrate and with / without a metallic top gate .  ⁇ n we derive a dispersion equation of the coupled modes of graphene plasmons and substrate surface plasmons .  ⁇ n we show that the coupling of graphene plasmons to substrate surface plasmons in the heavily - doped substrate causes undisired increase in the damping rate .  ⁇ n we also study the effect of the carrier scattering in the heavily - doped substrate on the coupling of graphene plasmons and substrate surface plasmons .  ⁇ n we find that the coupling of graphene plasmons to substrate surface plasmons in the heavily - doped substrate causes undisired increase in the damping rate .  ⁇ n the coupling of graphene plasmons to substrate surface plasmons in the heavily - doped substrate causes undisired increase in the damp
b' we study the effect of synchronization between noise and deterministic periodic signal in a gaussian white medium .  ⁇ n it is shown that a single dominant peak of the first passage time density function ( fptdf ) occurs at resonance where the synchronization is maximum .  ⁇ n this feature is quite distinct and is not observed when the system is away from the resonance .  ⁇ n further , a scaling relation is obtained between fptdfs at resonance for different lengths so that one could map fptdf at arbitrary length on a single fptdf at arbitrary length on a single fptdf .  ⁇ n further , a scaling relation is obtained between fptdfs at resonance for different lengths so that one could map fptdf at arbitrary length on a single fptdf . '
b' we study the electromagnetic cascades in matter , i.e. , the cascades of electrons , positrons and protons , produced by the interaction of relativistic electrons with ambient targets in forms of _ gas _ , radiation , and magnetic fields .  ⁇ n we consider the case of a relativistic electron accelerated in the hydrogen gas , a photon gas , and a magnetic field .  ⁇ 
b' bisimulation is an established notion of equivalence between labelled transition systems .  ⁇ n we consider the quotient of all labelled transition systems with respect to bisimulation .  ⁇ n we show that the subspace of maximal elements of @xmath0 is a stone space with respect to the lawson topology .  ⁇ n this stone space is an isomorphic representation of the quotient of all labelled transition systems modulo bisimulation .  ⁇ n we also show that the stone space is a stone space with respect to the lawson topology .  ⁇ n we propose two measures , a pessimistic and an optimistic one , for how close any refining labelled transition systems of two 3-valued systems can be .  ⁇ n our concepts and results are also robust under a change of representation . '
b' we report on the experimental study of vortex shedding from a moving gaussian laser beam in a highly oblate bose - einstein condensate .  ⁇ n we find that when the obstacle is penetrable ( i.e. , the potential barrier height of the laser beam is smaller than the chemical potential of the condensate ) , vortex dipoles are periodically shed from the moving obstacle .  ⁇ n the vortex shedding frequency linearly increases with the obstacle velocity as it exceeds a critical velocity .  ⁇ n the periodic vortex shedding behavior is so pronounced that we demonstrate that a single vortex dipole can be deterministically generated by applying a short linear sweep of a penetrable laser beam .  ⁇ n the vortex shedding behavior is so pronounced that we demonstrate that a single vortex dipole can be deterministically generated by applying a short linear sweep of the penetrable obstacle .  ⁇ n pacs numbers : 03.75.-a , 03.75.ln , 
b' we study the effect of collective interference on the generation of a single atomic excitation by spontaneous raman emission .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new calculation of the nuclear incompressibility @xmath0 based on the skyrme and gogny effective lagrangians .  ⁇ n the results are compared with the available experimental data on the isoscalar giant monopole resonance in @xmath1pb .  ⁇ n we find that the new value of @xmath0 obtained from the skyrme functionals is 235 mev , in good agreement with that obtained from the gogny calculations .  ⁇ n the new value of @xmath0 obtained from the gogny functionals is in good agreement with the experimental data .  ⁇ n the new value of @xmath0 obtained from the skyrme functionals is in good agreement with the gogny calculations .  ⁇ n the new value of @xmath0 obtained from the gogny functionals is in good agreement with the experimental value .  ⁇ n the new value of @xmath0 obtained from the skyrme functionals is in good agreement with the gogny calculations .  ⁇ n the new value
b' we present a perturbation approach to the landauer - bttiker formalism for a tight binding model of a two - dimensional ring .  ⁇ n the method is applied to a ring setup with 4 voltage probes and a flux piercing through .  ⁇ n the results show that the hall effect is completely due to quantum interference of electrons travelling in opposite directions along the ring .  ⁇ n the hall effect disappears when decreasing the phase coherence length , showing again that the effect is solely due to quantum interference . '
b' the texox-1000 ( toot ) radio source ( rs ) survey is an ambitious collaboration between texas and oxford universities to assemble the largest sample of rs in existence , in order to probe typical radio - loud active galaxies to high redshift .  ⁇ n it is already the largest rs redshift survey in existence that extends to high redshift and is unbiased by optical selection criteria .  ⁇ n it is already the largest rs redshift survey in existence that extends to high redshift and is unbiased by optical selection criteria .  ⁇ n it is also sufficiently large to resolve the form of the radio source population ( rsp ) evolution at high redshift , and is sufficiently large to resolve the form of the rsp evolution .  ⁇ n the toot survey has several key aims : * probe the existence of a redshift cutoff for the high - luminosity sources at z@xmath0 .  ⁇ n we will be able to finally get away from small number statistics and measure the magnitude of any high
b' the existence of neutrinos in the universe allows one to infer properties of invisible but gravitationally interacting matter .  ⁇ n this argument was first advanced by gershtein and zeldovich in 1966 and was used by cowsik and mcclelland to devise a lower bound on extremely heavy neutrinos at the gev scale .  ⁇ n the consequences of this argument can change substantially if neutrinos decay .  ⁇ n the overlap of the supernova and boomerang data released this year indicate that the gravitational energy density of the universe is to within a factor of a few equal to that used to derive the cowsik - mcclelland limit .  ⁇ n the effect also depends on the time scale of the neutrino decay relative to other time scales in the universe , such as that of big bang nucleosynthesis .  ⁇ n the effect also depends on the time scale of the neutrino decay .  ⁇ n the overlap of the supernova and boomerang data released this year indicate that the gravitational energy density of the universe
b' we present the exact interior solutions of einstein s field equations for anisotropic fluid spheres with variable density .  ⁇ n the anisotropy in the pressure is taken into account by means of a generalized equation of state .  ⁇ 
b' the gain of the microbunching instability in a longitudinally quasilaminar electron beam is investigated in the 6-d phase space by employing vlasov and poisson equations .  ⁇ n the solution of the initial - value problem is obtained by combining the solution of the initial - value problem and the poisson equation together .  ⁇ n the electric field due to the density perturbation is derived by employing the klimontovich distribution that describes the exact phase space location of each individual particle as the initial perturbation .  ⁇ n the evolution of the perturbed electric field is subject to periodic oscillation and landau damping at low energies .  ⁇ n the damping factor as a function of modulation wavelength , beam energy and uncorrelated velocity spread is illustrated .  ⁇ n the results show that the difference between the energy modulations calculated by the different methods develops rapidly at low energies and becomes very large before the bunch compressor , and leads to the noticeable change to the gain of the instability .  ⁇ n the energy modulation and the final gain are also computed as the functions of critical variables such as modulation wavelength
b' we present and test the hydrodynamic and gravity algorithms of bethe - hydro .  ⁇ n bethe - hydro uses arbitrary grids and a general gravity solver , and is a powerful and flexible numerical tool , able to configure the grid to suit the computational challenge .  ⁇ 
b' we study the electronic and transport properties of graphene antidot lattices ( gals ) in the presence of disorder using the tight - binding model and the linear - scaling real - space kubo - greenwood method .  ⁇ n we find that the localization length of gals is much smaller than the usual size of experimental devices , whereas the localization length is much smaller than the localization length .  ⁇ 
b' we examine the gravitational collapse of prolate cloud cores with slow rotation .  ⁇ n we show that both the infalling disklike envelope and rotationally - supported circumstellar disk are natural outcome of the gravitational contraction of a prolate cloud core .  ⁇ n the mass infall rate in the disklike envelope is found to be @xmath0 , which is about @xmath1 times larger than the mass infall rate in the disklike envelope .  ⁇ n the mass infall rate in the disklike envelope is found to be @xmath2 , which is about @xmath3 times larger than the mass infall rate in the disklike envelope .  ⁇ n the mass infall rate in the disklike envelope is found to be @xmath4 , which is about @xmath5 times larger than the mass infall rate in the disklike envelope .  ⁇ n the mass infall rate in the disklike envelope is found to be @xmath6 .  ⁇ n the mass infall rate in the disklike envelope is also found to be @xmath7 .
b' we study the three - dimensional magnetohydrodynamic ( mhd ) equations including self - gravity and ambipolar diffusion .  ⁇ n we assume that neutrals are much more numerous than ions .  ⁇ n we assume that the initial density distribution is nearly isothermal , and assume that the initial sound speed makes a transition from a low value to a high value at a distance @xmath0 .  ⁇ 
b' we study the role played by classical novae in the synthesis of galactic @xmath0al .  ⁇ n we show that the novae are able to produce a significant fraction of the total @xmath0al mass of 2.5 m@
b' we report the discovery of 650850 hz quasi - periodic oscillations ( qpo ) from the low mass x - ray binary 4u1608@xmath052 .  ⁇ 
b' we study the behaviour of two geometric phases for mixed states in the kitaev chain .  ⁇ n we find that the uhlmann phase is surprisingly intricate , and we argue that this is not tied to the physics we want to capture .  ⁇ n in contrast to the uhlmann phase , the interferometric geometric phase adopts a topological character and makes a discrete jump when the multiplicity of the spectrum of the state changes .  ⁇ n this translates into a jump when the band gap closes in the kitaev chain .  ⁇ n thus it is potentially a useful topological invariant . '
b' we review the classical - field approach to the dynamics of bose einstein condensation .  ⁇ 
b' we present a review of the recent results on the soft gamma - ray repeaters 180620 and 1900 + 14 .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a chandra acis / acis / te study of the x - ray scattering halo around the point sources gx 3 + 1 , gx 9 + 1 , gx 17 + 2 and cygnus x-1 .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the effect of an intrinsic anharmonicity on the phonon frequencies of a chain of ions in a linear paul trap .  ⁇ n we find that the anharmonicity can be used to resonantly dissipate energy from one mode to the other mode via optical - mixing - like effects .  ⁇ 
b' we calculate the thermovoltage of a quantum dot contacted by two macroscopic leads .  ⁇ n we use the anderson - holstein model to describe the electronic and phononic properties of the dot .  ⁇ n we show that the thermovoltage is a function of the dot - lead coupling and of the temperature difference between the leads .  ⁇ 
b' we study the effects of spatial dispersion on the quantum frictional force between two uncharged , polarizable objects in relative motion .  ⁇ n we show that spatial dispersion enhances the failure of the local thermal equilibrium ( lte ) approximation , resulting in a 95% deviation from the full nonequilibrium result compared to the 80% deviation previously reported within local optics .  ⁇ n in addition , we show that the inclusion of spatial dispersion strongly affects the functional distance dependence of the quantum frictional force in the low - velocity limit .  ⁇ n in contrast to the local optics case , where both the lte and the full nonequilibrium approach predict the same distance scaling law for the quantum frictional force , their distance behaviors are different in the presence of spatial dispersion . '
b' we report the discovery of a be enriched halo star , hd 106038 , with an abundance 1.2 dex higher than stars of similar metallicity .  ⁇ n this star is a member of the globular cluster ngc 6397 , and has been identified as a member of the globular cluster ngc 6752 .  ⁇ n the star is a member of the globular cluster ngc 6397 , and has a very high be abundance .  ⁇ n the spectral energy distribution of hd 106038 shows a strong absorption feature , indicating a strong absorption feature .  ⁇ n the absorption feature is ascribed to a cno - rich o - rich o - rich o - rich o - poor o - rich o - poor o - rich o - poor o - rich o - poor o - rich o - poor o - rich o - poor o - rich o
b' i present the current generation of one - dimensional , hydrostatic , lte models for red supergiants .  ⁇ n i discuss the opacity sampling approximation , and the effects of velocity fields on the spectra .  ⁇ n i then discuss possible non - lte effects on molecules .  ⁇ n finally i present current efforts in hydrodynamical modelling , with encouraging results , but with their own limitations , hopefully alleviated in the near future . '
b' we present a new , cosmological , and astrophysical study of the x - ray emission from the hot intracluster medium ( icm ) in the cosmic web of large - scale structure ( lss ) .  ⁇ 
b' we study the inert higgs doublet model ( ihdm ) , a simple extension of the standard model with one scalar doublet .  ⁇ n we show that the ihdm can be a good candidate for the higgs - like particle in the standard model .  ⁇ n we also show that the ihdm can be a good candidate for the higgs - like particle in the sm .  ⁇ n we also show that the ihdm can be a good candidate for the higgs - like particle in the sm . '
b' we investigate the singlet - triplet relaxation in a two - electron quantum dot embedded in inas [ 111 ] cylindrical nanowires .  ⁇ n we show that the singlet - triplet relaxation is dominated by the confined phonons , which are confined in the nanowires .  ⁇ n the confined phonons are found to be more important than the bulk phonons in the nanowires .  ⁇ 
b' we discuss fluctuations of the pairing gap in finite size systems .  ⁇ n the theory is applied to the pairing gap of nuclei , and the results are compared with experimental data .  ⁇ n the theory is then applied to the fluctuations of the pairing gap , where the dynamics of the underlying classical system ( chaos / order ) is an important parameter .  ⁇ n the theory is then applied to the fluctuations of the pairing gap of metallic grains , where , due to a lack of experimental data , we compare our theoretical results to other existing numerical results .  ⁇ n we also discuss the size of pairing fluctuations for such systems , as obtained from our theory . '
b' we introduce a simple model of social competition in which the fitness of each individual is determined by the competition .  ⁇ n the competition favors the strong , and the leader runs away from the rest of the population .  ⁇ n when the competition becomes more equitable , the mean fitness undergoes periods of near stasis and explosive advancement that qualitatively mirror the phenomenon of punctuated evolution .  ⁇ n we analytically determine its dynamical features for a two - agent system and then we investigate many agents in the framework of an almost deterministic version of the rat race .  ⁇ n simulation results for the evolutionary behavior of the model are given . '
b' we present a new technique for wavelength calibration of a broadband laser frequency comb ( lfc ) .  ⁇ n the lfc is a simple and cost effective approach to produce reference spectra for astronomy .  ⁇ n the lfc consists of thousands of equispaced lines produced from a femtosecond mode - locked laser .  ⁇ n the lfc is stabilized by anchoring to atomic clock with well established radio - frequency locking technique .  ⁇ n the lfc consists of thousands of equispaced lines produced from a femtosecond mode - locked laser .  ⁇ n the lfc consists of thousands of equispaced lines produced from a femtosecond mode - locked laser .  ⁇ n the lfc consists of a plane parallel cavity etalon .  ⁇ n the cavity lines are separated by free spectra range @xmath0 ms@xmath1 .  ⁇ 
b' we present a theoretical study of the growth of pentacene films on au(111 ) and ag(111 ) surfaces .  ⁇ n the pentacene films were grown on au(111 ) and au(111 ) surfaces using a spherical - symmetric augmented plane wave method .  ⁇ n the growth of pentacene films on au(111 ) and au(111 ) surfaces was studied by varying the substrate symmetry .  ⁇ n the growth of pentacene films on au(111 ) and au(111 ) surfaces was studied by varying the substrate symmetry .  ⁇ n the growth of pentacene films on au(111 ) and au(111 ) surfaces was studied by varying the substrate symmetry .  ⁇ n the growth of pentacene films on au(111 ) and au(111 ) surfaces was studied by varying the substrate symmetry .  ⁇ n the growth of pentacene films on au(111 ) and au(111 ) surfaces was studied by varying the
b' we investigate the stability of functional networks against cascading overload failures .  ⁇ n we evaluate the upper limit of connected network size above which the network becomes unstable and discuss how the maximum stable size can be controlled .  ⁇ n we examine uncorrelated random networks with poisson and power - law degree distributions by employing the model of cascading overload failures triggered by temporally fluctuating loads .  ⁇ n our analytical results and their numerical confirmations are presented .  ⁇ 
b' we study the time evolution of mixed states of a bipartite two level system .  ⁇ 
b' we study the cosmological constraints on the supersymmetric parameter space based on the annihilation of weakly interacting massive particles ( wimps ) .  ⁇ n we find that the annihilation of the wimps can be detected on the present and future experiments .  ⁇ 
b' we present a theoretical study of the effect of atmospheric intensity fluctuations on the transmission of quantum light through atmospheric links .  ⁇ n we use measurements at different fixed attenuation levels and subsequently weight and merge the obtained data to analyze the sought - after atmospheric quantum channels .  ⁇ n we show that the transmission of quantum light is robust against atmospheric fluctuations , and that the nonclassical properties of the transmitted light are preserved under the influence of atmospheric fluctuations .  ⁇ 
b' we present a systematic observing campaign to study the post - novae v1301 aql , v1151 sgr and v3964 sgr .  ⁇ n we have obtained @xmath0 photometry to identify potential candidates for the post - nova .  ⁇ n the selected candidates were subsequently observed spectroscopically to confirm the post - nova .  ⁇ n we also obtained spectrograms of candidates for the post - novae v1301 aql , v1151 sgr and v3964 sgr .  ⁇ n we also obtained spectrograms of candidates for the post - novae v1301 aql , v1151 sgr and v3964 sgr .  ⁇ n we also obtained spectrograms of candidates for the post - novae v1301 aql , v1151 sgr and v3964 sgr .  ⁇ n we
b' we study the low energy physics of the spin - tube model , which consists of two non - equivalent coupled xxz chains of spins and a biquadratic exchange between legs .  ⁇ n we show that the effective low energy hamiltonian ( leh ) consists of two _ non - equivalent _ xxz chains of spins and a biquadratic exchange between legs .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new method to measure the non - gaussianity of the cosmic microwave background radiation .  ⁇ n we use the _ w__ilkinson _ _ m__icrowave _ _ a__nisotropy _ _ p__robe ( wmap ) data to constrain the primordial non - gaussianity .  ⁇ 
b' we study the magnetic and antimagnetic rotations in @xmath0cd , @xmath1cd , @xmath1sn , @xmath1sn , @xmath1sn , @xmath1sn , @xmath1sn , @xmath1sn , @xmath1sn , @xmath1sn , @xmath1sn , @xmath1sn , @xmath1sn , @xmath1sn , @xmath1sn , @xmath1sn , @xmath1sn , @xmath1sn , @xmath1sn , @xmath1sn , @xmath1sn , @xmath1sn , @xmath1sn , @xmath1sn , @xmath1sn , @xmath1sn , @xmath1
b' we present the results of a vlbi study of the 22 ghz water maser emission from the orion molecular cloud .  ⁇ n the maser emission is characterized by a broad , narrow line , and a broad , broad , and narrow line .  ⁇ 
b' the na61/shine experiment is an upgrade of the large acceptance experiment na49 .  ⁇ n the na61/shine experiment is a new time of flight detector in the forward beam direction , providing an improvement of the particle identification efficiency .  ⁇ n the na61/shine data taking program contains @xmath0+c interactions at energies of 158 and .  ⁇ n the na61/shine experiment is an upgrade of the large acceptance experiment na49 .  ⁇ n the data taking program contains @xmath1+c interactions at energies of 158 and .  ⁇ n the data taking program contains @xmath1+c interactions at energies of 158 and .  ⁇ n the na61/shine experiment is an upgrade of the large acceptance experiment na49 .  ⁇ n the data taking program contains @xmath1+c interactions at energies of 158 and .  ⁇ n the data taking program contains @xmath1+c interactions at energies of 158 and .  ⁇ 
b' we present optical identifications for a subsample of the leiden berkeley deep survey ( lbds ) , together with infrared @xmath0 and @xmath1 photometry of 85% of the optically identified sources .  ⁇ n the optical identifications are based on the spectroscopic redshifts of the sources , and the @xmath2 colours of the sources are derived from the spectroscopic redshifts .  ⁇ n the @xmath3 magnitudes of the sources are compared to those of the brighter radio surveys .  ⁇ n the @xmath4 magnitudes of the sources are consistent with those of the brighter radio surveys .  ⁇ n the @xmath5-band magnitude distribution of the sources is similar to that of the brighter radio surveys , but with a larger spread in the @xmath6 magnitudes .  ⁇ n the @xmath5-band magnitude distribution of the sources is similar to that of the brighter radio surveys .  ⁇ n the @xmath5-band magnitude distribution of
b' x - rays from cool stars are a manifestation of magnetic fields generated by the internal dynamos .  ⁇ n however , with increasing detector sensitivities and the advent of high - resolution spectroscopy ,  ⁇  stellar environmental issues '
b' we investigate the effect of dextran molecules on the folding of a protein in a crowded environment .  ⁇ n we use a simple model to calculate the average force required to unfold a protein , @xmath0 , as a function of the dextran concentration , @xmath1 , and the volume fraction , @xmath2 , of the crowding agents .  ⁇ n we find that the average force required to unfold a module , @xmath3 , increases by a factor of @xmath4 as @xmath5 .  ⁇ n the average force required to unfold a module , @xmath6 , increases by a factor of @xmath7 as @xmath8 .  ⁇ n the average force required to unfold a module , @xmath9 , increases by a factor of @xmath10 as @xmath11 .  ⁇ 
b' we present a general analysis of the design of a series of rlc - resonators for cryogenic experiments .  ⁇ n we focus on the choice of the trap drive frequency , the required voltage gain , and voltage monitoring .  ⁇ n we discuss coil design for three types of coils , and present an efficient way to match cryogenic resonators .  ⁇ n we also present a rf shielding scheme . '
b' we investigate the gluon propagator in the maximally abelian gauge , and the gluon propagator in the landau gauge .  ⁇ 
b' this concise review describes selected recent progress in the study of mesons .  ⁇ n it complements and extends earlier and other efforts .  ⁇ n it also describes the role of the complex of dyson - schwinger equations ( dses ) in the study of confinement and dynamical chiral symmetry breaking ( dcs
b' we present a 3-d hydrodynamical model of the wind - wind collision cavity created by the binary colliding wind system .  ⁇ n the model is based on a 3-d hydrodynamical model for the broad , spatially - extended [ ] emission observed by the _ hst _ space telescope imaging spectrograph ( stis ) .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new model for the pairwise velocity distribution function ( pvdf ) of dark matter particles .  ⁇ n the model is based on the press - schechter formalism , and the pvdf of dark matter particles is modeled by a series of cdm models .  ⁇ 
b' a novel framework for track fitting in complex detector systems is presented .  ⁇ n it organizes the task of track fitting , i.e. the interplay between fitting algorithms , detector hits , and particles trajectories , with a minimal amount of interfaces .  ⁇ n it is a toolkit which is independent of specific detector setups and magnetic field geometries and hence can be used for many particle physics experiments .  ⁇ n it is a toolkit which is independent of specific detector setups and magnetic field geometries and hence can be used for many particle physics experiments . '
b' we present a numerical study of the magnetocentrifugal mechanism for the formation of jets and winds around young stellar objects .  ⁇ n we use a time - dependent mhd code to simulate the axial region of a magnetocentrifugal disk - wind .  ⁇ 
b' the development of a new instrumentation for high luminosity experiments has become very demanding in terms of costs and resources .  ⁇ n the proposed fee was developed to meet the challenging requirements of an imaging cherenkov counter , the barrel dirc ( detection of internally reflected cherenkov light ) of the panda experiment .  ⁇ n the photodetector readout based on microchannel plate photomultipliers ( mcp - pmts ) will deliver fast ( @xmath0 ns ) and small ( @xmath1 mv ) signals , with an intrinsic resolution better than 40 ps after time walk correction .  ⁇ n the third version of the tdc readout board ( trb3 ) , developed at gsi , has been chosen as data acquisition system ( daq ) .  ⁇ n the trb3 offers fpga - based tdcs with multi - hit capability and up to 10 ps time precision on leading and trailing edge time measurements ( 20 p
b' we consider the ginzburg landau model of superconductivity .  ⁇ n we show that the first eigenvalue of the schrdinger operator is monotone increasing in the strength of the magnetic field .  ⁇ n this property has been called strong diamagnetism and has been proved for large classes of magnetic fields .  ⁇ n we also give counterexamples in the general case . '
b' we present a numerical evaluation of the casimir interaction energy between two eccentric cylinders .  ⁇ n the numerical evaluations are performed in the complex plane , and the cylinder - plane configuration is considered .  ⁇ n we show that the energy of the eccentric cylinders configuration reproduces that of the cylinder - plane configuration , in the limit of very large eccentricity , when the radius of the external cylinder is also very large .  ⁇ n finally , we present a detailed numerical evaluation for the vacuum energy for the cylinder - plane configuration , providing numerical support for the analytic predictions of the first order corrections to the proximity force approximation . '
b' we investigate quantum transport through a quantum - dot device using a minimal model where the complex interacting region is replaced by a single spinful orbital which is coupled to two noninteracting leads .  ⁇ n a single coulomb matrix element @xmath0 accounts for the charging energy of the device .  ⁇ n we calculate nonequilibrium spectral functions and current - voltage characteristics using the scattering - states numerical renormalization group ( snrg ) as well as different approximations within the diagrammatic kadanoff - baym - keldysh expansion in the local coulomb interaction @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we compare results for small values of @xmath0 to the diagrammatic kadanoff - baym - keldysh approach , which becomes exact in the limit @xmath1 .  ⁇ n we discuss discrepancies and reveal shortcomings of those diagrammatic approaches at intermediate values of the charging energy . '
b' we have studied the voltage drop between the source and drain contacts in the quantum hall effect regime .  ⁇ n we have found that the size of the samples affects drastically the measurements of the contact voltage drop .  ⁇ 
b' multiview video coding ( mvc ) is a new approach to the problem of network dimensioning and resource allocation .  ⁇ n we propose a new traffic model for mvc content , based on a poisson hidden markov model ( p - hmm ) .  ⁇ n the model is able to characterize the frame size sequence observed at the output of an mvc variable bit rate ( vbr ) source .  ⁇ n we extend the p - hmm parameter estimation algorithm for short observation sequences presented in @xcite and adapt it to long sequences such as those encountered in video communication services .  ⁇ n we apply our model to predict the traffic load generated by two different network services based on a client - server video communication paradigm .  ⁇ n in the first one , that we name multiview tv , the server simultaneously streams all the mvc encoded views to the client .  ⁇ n our model is shown to be able to predict the state of sender and receiver buffers in multiview tv .  ⁇ 
b' we present a molecular dynamics simulation of the deformation of copper under very high strain rates .  ⁇ n the simulations are performed in two different systems , one with approximately 95000 atoms and one with approximately 765000 atom
b' we present a theory of the time - reversal symmetry broken state in multiband superconductors .  ⁇ n the theory is based on the bcs formalism .  ⁇ n we show that the bcs energy gap is a good approximation to the ginzburg - landau theory .  ⁇ n we also show that the ginzburg - landau theory is a good approximation for the time - reversal symmetry broken state .  ⁇ n we show that the ginzburg - landau theory is a good approximation for the time - reversal symmetry broken state .  ⁇ n we also show that the ginzburg - landau theory is a good approximation for the time - reversal symmetry broken state .  ⁇ n we also show that the ginzburg - landau theory is a good approximation for the time - reversal symmetry broken state .  ⁇ 
b' we study the probability current associated with pressure in the plane spanned by the two highly relevant invariants of the velocity gradient tensor .  ⁇ n we show that the probability current associated with pressure is a function of the reynolds number @xmath0 .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the host galaxies of a sample of z @xmath0 1 radio - loud quasars ( rlq ) , using the hst / wfpc2 .  ⁇ n we have obtained a sample of rlqs with a median redshift of z @xmath1 0.5 .  ⁇ 
b' we consider the effect of strong gravitational lensing on the electromagnetic signal from a source located in front of a black hole .  ⁇ n we consider a cloud of particles moving through the radiation field of a thin accretion disc .  ⁇ n the cloud is beamed in the direction of the cloud motion and polarized by thomson scattering .  ⁇ n the stokes parameters of the scattered radiation are evaluated in the polarization frame comoving with the cloud .  ⁇ n we show that the gain factor of the scattered radiation is a function of the cloud s lorentz factor , and that it depends on the inclination of the cloud with respect to the observer .  ⁇ n we also show that the gain factor of the scattered radiation is a function of the cloud s lorentz factor .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new method for calculating the rotation curves of galaxies in modified newtonian dynamics ( mond ) .  ⁇ n we use a new method , based on the symmetrized - mond method , to calculate the rotation curves of a sample of 125 galaxies .  ⁇ n we find that the rotation curves of these galaxies are significantly different from the observed ones .  ⁇ n we also find that the mass - to - light ratios ( m / l ) derived from the mond prescription are generally consistent with stellar population synthesis models .  ⁇ n we also find that the m / ls derived from the mond prescription are generally consistent with stellar population synthesis models .  ⁇ n we also find that the m / ls derived from the mond prescription is generally consistent with the observed m / ls .  ⁇ n we also find that the m / ls derived from the mond prescription are generally consistent with stellar population synthesis models .
b' we present the first results of a data compilation of all tentatively identified egret objects ( tids ) which may be detectable by the next - generation cherenkov telescopes .  ⁇ n we examine the expected emission of the tid in the energy regime near the threshold of the next - generation cherenkov telescopes .  ⁇ n we find that the tid is likely to be a pulsar .  ⁇ n we also examine the possibility of a detection if the tentative identification turns out to be wrong .  ⁇ n we find that the tid is likely to be a pulsar .  ⁇ n we also find that the tid is likely to be a pulsar .  ⁇ n epsf '
b' we report the discovery of a high redshift cluster in the xmm cluster survey ( xcs ) .  ⁇ n the cluster , xmmxcs j2215.9 - 1738 , is the most distant cluster with spectroscopic redshift confirmation to date .  ⁇ 
b' we present a model for the formation of the sagittarius ( sgr ) stellar stream , which is a remnant of the tidal stripping of stars in the galactic bulge .  ⁇ n the model is based on a spherical potential with a spherical symmetry , and a spherical symmetry .  ⁇ n the model is able to reproduce the observed positions and velocity dispersion of the sgr system , and the kinematics of the stellar stream .  ⁇ n the model is able to reproduce the observed positions and velocity dispersion of the sgr system , and the kinematics of the stellar stream .  ⁇ n the model is able to reproduce the observed positions and velocity dispersion of the sgr system , and the kinematics of the stellar stream .  ⁇ n the model is able to reproduce the observed positions and velocity dispersion of the sgr system , and the kinematics of the stellar stream .
b' we present an asymptotic solution for the profile of a gradient - driven droplet or ridge moving down an inclined plate .  ⁇ n the solution is obtained by combining the long wave approximation for thin films with a nonlocal diffuse interface description for the liquid - gas interface .  ⁇ n the disjoining pressure is incorporated by means of a long - range van der waals interaction between the substrate and liquid .  ⁇ 
b' a new method for increasing the electric field at the top of a tunnel junction is proposed .  ⁇ n it is shown that using a low - k dielectric next to high - k dielectrics can , in principle , increase the electric field in homo - junction tunnel junctions significantly .  ⁇ n the performance of the de - tfet is not very sensitive to the spacing , in contrast to the conventional electrically doped tfet in which the on - current decreases monotonically with increasing the spacing .  ⁇ n the proposed method can be used in other device structures , e.g. gate - all - around , double and single gated tfets . '
b' we derive the equation of motion for the density derivative of the self - intermediate scattering function @xmath0 within the mode - coupling approximation .  ⁇ n we present numerical solutions of this equation .  ⁇ n we compare the time and wave vector dependence of the density derivatives of the collective and self - intermediate scattering functions .  ⁇ 
b' we present an inventory of the baryonic and gravitating masses of cosmic structures spanning a dozen decades in detected baryonic mass .  ⁇ n we divide our inventory into two broad categories of gravitationally bound systems : those supported by rotation , and those supported by random motions .  ⁇ n we find that the baryonic mass of early type spirals is correlated well with the total mass , but not as a simple proportion .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new analysis of the kinematics of globular clusters around the central giant elliptical in the virgo cluster , m87 ( ngc 4486 ) .  ⁇ n we derive the kinematics in a region between 1 and 5 effective radii ( r@xmath0 ) using published radial velocities for over 200 globular clusters .  ⁇ 
b' gamma - ray bursts ( grbs ) are the brightest electromagnetic explosions in the universe , and are characterized by a central engine , which is hidden from direct electromagnetic observations .  ⁇ n gravitational waves ( gws ) , on the other hand , carry information directly from the inner engine to the observer .  ⁇ n the near completion of advanced gw detectors will soon be able to directly probe the dynamical processes leading to the creation of grbs , which are less ( or not ) accessible via other messengers .  ⁇ n this review intends to survey the prospects of gw measurements in understanding grbs .  ⁇ n while our theoretical view of gw emission mechanisms connected to grbs is rapidly evolving , the main directions , the opportunities and limitations of observational gw astrophysics are becoming clearer .  ⁇ n this review intends to provide guidance to ( i ) astronomers interested in utilizing the capabilities of gw measurements to complement electromagnetic or neutrino observations in understanding grbs ,
b' we present a new method for the identification of gravitational arcs in clusters of galaxies .  ⁇ n the method is based on the anisotropic diffusion technique .  ⁇ 
b' molecular dynamics simulations of macromolecules confined in porous organic nano - pores have been used to study the relaxation and diffusion of bulk hydrocarbons and water .  ⁇ n the simulations are based on empirical potential models , and are used to validate the forcefields used in the simulations .  ⁇ n the forcefields are derived from the empirical potentials , and are used to evaluate the relaxation and diffusion times of bulk hydrocarbons and water .  ⁇ n the relaxation times of bulk hydrocarbons and water are found to be @xmath0h@xmath0h , @xmath1 ns , and @xmath2 ns , respectively .  ⁇ n the relaxation times of bulk hydrocarbons and water are found to be @xmath3 ns , @xmath4 ns , and @xmath5 ns , respectively .  ⁇ n the relaxation times of bulk hydrocarbons and water are found to be @xmath6 ns , @xmath7 ns , and @x
b' we present a theoretical study of the fulde - ferrell - larkin - ovchinnikov ( fflo ) phase in pauli - limited superconductors .  ⁇ 
b' the butcher oemler ( bo ) effect is a powerful tool for studying the evolution of galaxies within clusters of galaxies .  ⁇ n it is a key ingredient in understanding the origins of the bo effect .  ⁇ 
b' we present the most comprehensive and precise experimental results to date for all transitions within the multiplet associated with the line @xmath71153 .  ⁇ n the experimental results are based on a beam - foil measurement of the lifetimes and branching fractions of the 3@xmath03@xmath1 @xmath2 @xmath3 3@xmath03@xmath44@xmath5 @xmath6 multiplet .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the spectral properties of a self amplified spontaneous emission free electron laser ( sase fel ) .  ⁇ n the sase fel is a linac driven sase fel with a pulse duration of 100 fs .  ⁇ n the sase fel is a new linac driven xfel .  ⁇ 
b' we have studied the adsorption of p and ga on the si(211 ) surface .  ⁇ n the adsorption of p and ga on the si(211 ) surface has been studied by scanning tunneling microscopy ( stm ) .  ⁇ n the adsorption of p and ga on the si(211 ) surface has been studied by stm .  ⁇ n the adsorption of p and ga on the si(211 ) surface has been studied by stm .  ⁇ n the adsorption of p and ga on the si(211 ) surface has been studied by stm .  ⁇ n the adsorption of p and ga on the si(211 ) surface has been studied by stm .  ⁇ n the adsorption of p and ga on the si(211 ) surface has been studied by stm .  ⁇ n the adsorption of p and ga on the si(211 ) surface has been studied by stm .  ⁇ 
b' we study the synchronization of two identical maps with power - law coupling @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the coupling is predicted as the value of the coupling @xmath0 for which the transverse lyapunov exponent @xmath1 is zero .  ⁇ n we show that the synchronization is governed by the lyapunov exponent @xmath2 , ruling the instabilities transversal to the line .  ⁇ 
b' we study the cosmological formation of cosmological defects in the brane inflation scenario .  ⁇ n we show that the cosmological production of monopoles and domain walls is negligible in the models of brane inflation .  ⁇ n we also discuss the cosmological production of monopoles and domain walls .  ⁇ n we find that the cosmological production of monopoles and domain walls is negligible in the models of brane inflation .  ⁇ 
b' we present a unified theory which shows that the one - atom maser ( micromaser ) and the one - atom laser ( microlaser ) cavity fields can have sub - poissonian photon statistics .  ⁇ n our unified theory also explains the conventional laser dynamics .  ⁇ n further , the hope is that such sub - possonian radiation fields would further shrink to bosonic fock states .  ⁇ n we examine the possibilities of generating fock states of the micromaser cavity field by an exact numerical simulation of the dynamics .  ⁇ n we show that the damping of the atomic levels precludes such possibilities . '
b' we present a method for calibrating the geometric distortion of images from the advanced camera for surveys ( acs ) .  ⁇ n we use dithered observations of star clusters to calibrate the distortion .  ⁇ 
b' we present a blind search for neutral hydrogen gas at 21-cm .  ⁇ n the main motivations for such a search are two .  ⁇ n first of all , by definition , optically selected galaxies already contain many stars , which may not be the case in the younger , or less evolved galaxies , which may have the most to tell us about their formation and evolution .  ⁇ 
b' vibrating mechanical systems may experience undesirable impacts that cause wear or sub - optimal performance .  ⁇ 
b' particle tracking velocimetry ( ptv ) is a method to measure particle velocities with video camera recording .  ⁇ n the most common algorithm for calculating velocities is to divide the difference in a particle s position in two consecutive frames by the time interval between the frames .  ⁇ n however , ptv can have errors that become more severe as the camera frame rate is increased .  ⁇ n we show that , when determining kinetic temperature by calculating the mean - square velocity fluctuation for random motion , the result will have an exaggerated value that worsens at higher frame rates , due to one of the two kinds of errors studied here .  ⁇ n we identify two kinds of velocity errors according to their source .  ⁇ n one kind arises from acceleration of the particle during the time interval between measurements of its position .  ⁇ n the other arises from errors in the position measurements themselves .  ⁇ n while the former is made less severe by using a faster frame rate , the latter is actually made worse .  ⁇ n therefore , a faster frame
b' we study the dynamical evolution of neutral stellar cores .  ⁇ n we show that the strong electric field can result in the dynamical evolution of electrons and positrons .  ⁇ n we also show that the electric current density can be a function of the electric field .  ⁇ n we show that the electric current density can be a function of the electric field .  ⁇ 
b' we consider the compound lens system such that a lens galaxy lies in a group or cluster .  ⁇ n we show that the fraction of substructures in the group / cluster could contribute to anomalous flux ratios .  ⁇ n we also discuss the effect of substructures in the cluster .  ⁇ n we find that the fraction of substructures in the group / cluster is _ smaller _ than that required to explain anomalous flux ratios in gravitational lenses .  ⁇ n we also show that the fraction of substructures in the cluster is _ smaller _ than that required to explain anomalous flux ratios in gravitational lenses .  ⁇ n we also show that the fraction of substructures in the group / cluster is _ smaller _ than that required to explain anomalous flux ratios in gravitational lenses . '
b' we prove that a first - order sentence is preserved under taking surjective homomorphisms on finite relational structures if and only if it is equivalent , amongst finite relational structures , to an existential positive sentence .  ⁇ n this answers a question of rossman .  ⁇ n we also show that a first - order sentence is preserved under taking surjective homomorphisms on finite relational structures if and only if it is equivalent , amongst finite relational structures , to an existential positive sentence . '
b' we calculate the two - loop level _ rainbowlike _ contribution to the fermion electric dipole moment and to the chromo - electric dipole moment within @xmath0-parity violation .  ⁇ n we find that the rainbowlike contribution to the fermion electric dipole moment and to the chromo - electric dipole moment are comparable with the leading barr - zee type process in the @xmath0-parity conserving sector .  ⁇ n we also analyze the effect of the rainbowlike contribution to the electric dipole moment and to the chromo - electric dipole moment generated by the rpv barr - zee type diagrams .  ⁇ n we find that the rainbowlike contribution to the fermion electric dipole moment is much smaller than the leading barr - zee type process , and the chromo - electric dipole moment is much smaller than the leading barr - zee type process .  ⁇ n hep - ph/0303030 + hep - ph/030
b' we present _ xmm newton _ and _ chandra _ observations of the seyfert 1.9 galaxy hellas .  ⁇ n the source is detected in x rays with a spectral energy distribution ( sed ) dominated by a luminous , absorbed agn .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a deep , multi - wavelength imaging survey of the ly@xmath0 emission line in the ly@xmath1 emitting galaxies at @xmath2 .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new model for the spectral evolution of the luminous blue variable eta carinae .  ⁇ 
b' we study the quantum dynamics of a three - level ladder - type atomic system pumped coherently and resonantly with external electromagnetic field sources .  ⁇ n we demonstrate that the cavity mode is empty in the good - cavity limit due to destructive quantum interference effects among the involved transition pathways .  ⁇ n the effect is maximal when the cavity mode frequency is in resonance with particular resonance fluorescence sidebands .  ⁇ n this is distinct from interference phenomena which lead to zero cavity mean - photon numbers .  ⁇ n moreover , most upper bare - state population inversion is achieved as well in our system although it is identified with coherent population trapping effects rather than quantum interference phenomena which lead to zero cavity mean - photon numbers .  ⁇ n the inversion can facilitate the generation of correlated or entangled photon - pairs when one photon lies in an optical range while another one is in a higher frequency domain , i.e. , euv or x ray etc . '
b' the magnetism of the earth s core is studied in the framework of the navier - stokes equations .  ⁇ n the navier - stokes equations are solved in the presence of a fluid part of the core with a sufficiently high electrical conductivity .  ⁇ n the navier - stokes equations are solved in the presence of a spherical , axisymmetric , spherical , spherical , spherical , spherical , spherical , spherical , spherical , spherical , spherical , spherical , spherical , spherical , spherical , spherical , spherical , spherical , spherical , spherical , spherical , spherical , spherical 
b' we study the scaling properties of the probability density functions ( pdf ) of daily returns , when they are aggregated over intervals of variable duration within a fixed intraday window .  ⁇ 
b' we present a theoretical study of the charge transport properties of g4-dna , a dna derivative , which is formed by a stack of g - tetrads .  ⁇ 
b' we present high spatial- and temporal - resolution observations of the magnetic region noaa 11372 obtained with the rapid oscillations in the solar atmosphere ( rosa ) and the hydrogen - alpha rapid dynamics camera ( hardcam ) instruments at the dun
b' a time projection chamber ( tpc ) is a prototype for a micro - pattern - gas - detector ( mpgd ) .  ⁇ n the tpc is based on a timepix cmos pixel asic .  ⁇ n the pixel size of the tpc is @xmath0 .  ⁇ 
b' we study the invasion capacity of a mutant population and the evolutionary singular strategies when the competitive exclusion principle holds .  ⁇ n the method is applied to a mass - structured chemostat model .  ⁇ 
b' we report the identification of the rosat all - sky survey x - ray source rxj0757.0 + 6306 (= 1rxs j075700.5 + 630602 ) .  ⁇ n the rosat data reveal a hard spectrum extending up to 2.4 kev .  ⁇ 
b' we develop a theory of dc josephson effect in superconductor - ferromagnet - superconductor ( sns ) junctions with spin - active interfaces .  ⁇ n we show that the josephson critical current and the current - phase relation in sns junctions are very sensitive to specific values of spin - dependent interface transmissions , spin - mixing angles and the electron kinematic phase showing a rich variety of features which can be detected and studied in future experiments . '
b' we present the analysis of the neutrino oscillations in the ice cube deep core array ( icdc ) .  ⁇ n we focus on the cascade signal , a channel that can be used to detect atmospheric neutrinos .  ⁇ n we show that icdc can provide strong evidence for tau neutrino appearance from oscillations of atmospheric neutrinos , greatly improving previous results on tau neutrino appearance evidence . '
b' we present a model of porous materials which is based on a gaussian random field .  ⁇ n the interface between the composite phases is defined by two ( rather than one ) level cut of a gaussian random field .  ⁇ n the model is a generalisation of the well - known ios model .  ⁇ 
b' we present a variational - cluster approach ( vca ) to study the low - temperature phase diagram of the two - dimensional hubbard model .  ⁇ n the vca is based on the self - energy - functional theory ( sft ) , which provides a general variational scheme to go to the infinite - size lattice fermion problem .  ⁇ n we show that the vca correctly reproduces the low - temperature quantum monte - carlo data , in particular , the coherent and incoherent  ⁇  bands  ⁇ ' ⁇ ' experimentally known from arpes data .  ⁇ n we also show that the vca correctly reproduces the low - temperature quantum monte - carlo data , in particular , the coherent and incoherent  ⁇  bands  ⁇ ' ⁇ ' experimentally known from arpes data .  ⁇ n we also discuss the implications of the vca for the theory of high - temperature superconductors . '
b' we study the impact of rashba spin - orbit coupling ( soc ) on the surface states of mott insulators .  ⁇ n we find that the rashba soc energy is very strong at metallic surfaces , and that the soc energy is very weak at metallic surfaces .  ⁇ n we also find that the soc energy is very weak at metallic surfaces .  ⁇ n we discuss the implications of this result for the surface states of topological insulators . ' mississajous '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '
b' we present a mean field theory for fermionic gases at finite temperature and temperature .  ⁇ n the theory is based on the bcs - like mean field wave function , which is readily generalized to include population balance .  ⁇ n we present the formalism for the sarma and one and two - plane wave fulde - ferrell states at zero and finite @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we also present the results for the sarma and one - plane wave fulde - ferrell states at finite @xmath1 .  ⁇ n we also discuss the effect of the crossover from bcs to bec . '
b' we present a new method for calculating the restframe uv morphologies of galaxies in deep hst images .  ⁇ n we use the uv morphology of a sample of tens of high redshift galaxies , selected from the hst / foca deep field , to derive the restframe uv morphologies of these galaxies .  ⁇ 
b' the ancillary response file ( arf ) and redistribution matrix file ( rmf ) are a basic tenet of x - ray spectral analysis that relate the incident source flux to the observed count rate through an integral equation involving the effective area of the telescope .  ⁇ n this work presents formal descriptions of the quantities embodied by the arf and rmf in terms of the underlying instrumental responses .  ⁇ n the arf is presented in the context of integral equations that relate the incident source flux to an expected count rate .  ⁇ n the arf is presented in the context of integral equations that relate the incident source flux to an expected count rate .  ⁇ n the arf is used to derive a general definition of the exposure map that is suitable for use in the analysis of dispersive spectral data .  ⁇ n the resulting definition is consistent with current use , intuition , and physics .  ⁇ n the resulting definition is consistent with current use , intuition , and physics . '
b' we present the results of a multiwavelength study of the supernova remnant w44 .  ⁇ 
b' we present a weak lensing analysis of the sdss j1004 + 4112 cluster .  ⁇ n the lensing mass is derived from a combination of a weak - lensing analysis of the sdss j1004 + 4112 and a weak - lensing analysis of the sdss j1004 + 4112 .  ⁇ n the lensing mass is derived from the sdss j1004 + 4112 mass map , and the sdss j1004 + 4112 mass map is derived from the sdss j1004 + 4112 mass map .  ⁇ n the sdss j1004 + 4112 mass map is compared with the sdss j1004 + 4112 mass map .  ⁇ n the sdss j1004 + 4112 mass map is consistent with the sdss j1004 + 4112 mass map , but the sdss j1004 + 4112 mass map is consistent with the s
b' we study the dynamics of a gas of fermionic atoms coupled to bosonic molecules via photoassociation in an optical lattice .  ⁇ n the system consists of two - component fermionic atoms , each of which is initially in the mott - insulator or superfluid phase .  ⁇ 
b' we study the correlation function of the trace of the energy - momentum tensor in qcd .  ⁇ n we show that the temperature dependence of this correlation function is temperature dependent and scales like the specific heat .  ⁇ 
b' we report on intrinsic tunnelling spectroscopy ( its ) of high-@xmath0 cuprates .  ⁇ n we report the existence of a mixed state in the spectra of the intrinsic tunnelling spectra .  ⁇ n the mixed state is characterized by a superconducting gap @xmath1 , a normal state pseudogap @xmath2 , and a superconducting gap @xmath3 .  ⁇ 
b' we present a model - independent reconstruction of the cosmic expansion with redshift ( _ hubble _ parameter ) using only one coefficient for the basis .  ⁇ n the method is based on a friedman - robertson - walker metric and is able to recover the expansion coefficients with a small number of free parameters .  ⁇ n we apply the method to the union2.1 supernovae ia data and find a suitable reconstruction for the _ hubble _ parameter .  ⁇ n the _ hubble _ constant , @xmath0cdm cosmology , @xmath1 , is left as a free parameter to fit together with the expansion coefficients .  ⁇ 
b' newton s enduring and mysterious achievements have been disputed by many scientists .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a parallel algorithm for a model predictive control ( mpc ) problem , based on alternating direction method of multipliers ( admms ) and inexact solvers ( i.e. , solvers that guarantee feasibility and optimality only asymptotically with the number of iterations ) .  ⁇ n the proposed algorithm combines the use of alternating direction method of multipliers ( admms ) to handle the coupling constraints that arise from the dynamics of the system and inexact solvers ( i.e. , solvers that guarantee feasibility and optimality only _ asymptotically _ with the number of iterations ) .  ⁇ n in particular , the first step of the proposed algorithm is to split the original mpc problem over the length @xmath0 of the prediction horizon into @xmath1 independent subproblems ( _ time - splitting _ ) solved by @xmath1 parallel workers periodically exchanging information at predetermined synchronization points .  ⁇ n then 
b' we present a study of the ilots ngc 300 ot2008 - 1 and sn 2008s .  ⁇ n the ilots are intermediate - luminosity optical transients ( ilots ) whose pre - outburst objects are asymptotic giant branch ( agb ) or extreme - agb ( eagb ) stars .  ⁇ n we use a binary model for ilots , and a single star model for eagb - ilots .  ⁇ n we find that the ilots ngc 300ot and sn 2008s are agb - ilots , and that the ilots sn 2008s and sn 2008s are agb - ilots .  ⁇ n the ilots sn 2008s and sn 2008s are agb - ilots , and the ilots sn 2008s are agb
b' we report the detection of a hard x ray tail in the z source scorpius x1 using _ rossi x ray timing explorer _ observations .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new method for calculating the bulk density of a transiting exoplanet , based on the tidal distortion of the planet .  ⁇ n the method is based on a simple , spherical model of the planet , and is applied to the transit lightcurve of 1133 .  ⁇ 
b' we study the orientational phase transitions in the hexagonal phase of a diblock copolymer melt subjected to simple shear flow .  ⁇ n we show that the orientations of the hexagonal pattern are characterized by the symmetry pattern of hexagonally packed cylinders .  ⁇ n we show that the orientations of the hexagonal pattern are characterized by the symmetry pattern of the cylinders .  ⁇ n we show that the orientations of the hexagonal pattern are characterized by the symmetry pattern of the cylinders .  ⁇ n we also show that the orientations of the hexagonal pattern are characterized by the symmetry pattern of the cylinders .  ⁇ n we show that the orientations of the hexagonal pattern are characterized by the symmetry pattern of the cylinders .  ⁇ n we also show that the orientations of the hexagonal pattern are characterized by the symmetry pattern of the cylinders .  ⁇ n we show that the orientations of the hexagonal pattern are characterized by the symmetry pattern of the cylinders .  ⁇ n we also show that the orientations of
b' we study the geodesic motion of test particles and light rays in conformal gravity .  ⁇ n we solve the geodesic equations in terms of weierstrass elliptic function and derivatives of kleinian sigma functions .  ⁇ n we also discuss about the light deflection of fly by orbit type for null geodesic .  ⁇ n we plot some possible orbits .  ⁇ n pacs numbers : 04.20.dw , 04.20.dw , 04.20.gz '
b' in this paper , we investigate the quantum fisher information ( qfi ) of a squeezed reservoir .  ⁇ n we show that the qfi of the squeezed reservoir can be enhanced by the squeezed reservoir s parameters .  ⁇ 
b' isospin transport effects on the reaction dynamics in collisions with impact parameter between 4 and 12 fm are studied .  ⁇ n the reaction dynamics is modeled by solving the bnv transport equation , that describes the evolution of the one - body distribution function according to the nuclear mean - field and including the effects of two - body collisions .  ⁇ 
b' we present the first full - field investigation of the intermittent progress of the microstructural strain field in a cu - al - be single crystal across the mechanically - induced martensitic transformation .  ⁇ 
b' the possibility of the formation of a superconducting phase in a massless fermionic system is investigated .  ⁇ n the chiral symmetry is spontaneously broken down to an isospin symmetry , which is induced by a non vanishing vacuum expectation value of the quark field bilinear operator @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the chiral symmetry is spontaneously broken down to an isospin symmetry , which is characterized by a non - vanishing @xmath1 and a non - vanishing @xmath1 .  ⁇ n the chiral symmetry is spontaneously broken down to an isospin symmetry .  ⁇ n the chiral symmetry is spontaneously broken down to an isospin symmetry .  ⁇ n the chiral symmetry is spontaneously broken down to an isospin symmetry .  ⁇ n the chiral symmetry is spontaneously broken down to an isospin symmetry .  ⁇ n the chiral symmetry is spontaneously broken down to an is
b' we present a lagrangian coordinate method for the one lane traffic flow problem .  ⁇ n the method is based on a combination of two lagrangian transformations .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed study of the carrier dynamics in semiconductor quantum dots .  ⁇ n we show that the carrier dynamics can be described in terms of a mono - exponential decay , but only under very specific conditions such as fully resonant excitation above the barrier .  ⁇ n we also show that the influence of carrier diffusion to the quantum dots can be controlled by comparing the excitation above the barrier to excitation below the barrier .  ⁇ n we discuss the possible origins of the non - exponentiality . '
b' in this paper , we propose a new feed - forward - based remote control system with compressive sampling .  ⁇ n the proposed system can efficiently compress the control signals with sparse representation .  ⁇ n the design problem is formulated by @xmath0 optimization which can be efficiently solved .  ⁇ 
b' we show that resonant radiative transfer ( rt ) in clumpy media is a fundamentally different process from that in homogeneous media .  ⁇ 
b' we present a redshift 4 counterpart to the submillimeter galaxy smmj16359 + 66130 .  ⁇ 
b' we present keck lris spectroscopy of the brightest star forming galaxies at @xmath0 .  ⁇ 
b' we present a method to calculate the near threshold expansion of the spectral density for the class of multiloop sunset - type feynman diagrams termed water melon diagrams .  ⁇ n the method is based on the recurrence relations of the integration - by - part techniques for three - loop diagrams .  ⁇ n we show that the spectral density can be computed in the leading order of the recurrence relations .  ⁇ n we also discuss the recurrence relations for the spectral density and the corresponding recurrence relations .  ⁇ n we show that the recurrence relations for the spectral density are a good approximation for the spectral density .  ⁇ n we also discuss the recurrence relations for the spectral density and the recurrence relations for the spectral density .  ⁇ n we also discuss the recurrence relations for the spectral density and the recurrence relations for the spectral density .  ⁇ n we show
b' a new barrier penetration formula based on the wkb approximation is derived .  ⁇ n the influence of the long coulomb tail in the barrier potential is taken into accout properly .  ⁇ n therefore this formula is especially applicable to the barrier penetration with penetration energy much lower than the coulomb barrier . as a first attempt and a test study  ⁇ n , we apply this new formula to evaluate @xmath0 decay half - lives of atomic nuclei .  ⁇ n the present analytical formula reproduces the experimental results very well , especially for spherical nuclei . '
b' we present gasoline , a parallel @xmath0-body and gasdynamics code , which has enabled new light to be shed on a range of complex astrophysical systems .  ⁇ 
b' we present a theoretical study of the evolutionary status of co white dwarfs .  ⁇ n we use the n - body code n - sph to calculate the initial - final mass relation for co white dwarfs .  ⁇ 
b' a measurement of the ratio of the electron to positron momenta in a magnetic field is proposed .  ⁇ n the measurement is sensitive to the directional variation of the speed of light .  ⁇ n the measurement could be performed with a single storage ring collider .  ⁇ 
b' we study the late - time behaviour of the einstein - vlasov system with bianchi symmetry .  ⁇ n we show that the late - time behavior is well approximated by the einstein - dust system .  ⁇ n this makes sense since one might expect a decay of the velocity dispersion for expanding cosmological models .  ⁇ n the result presented in the following shows that this is true for case of the lie group and assuming that one is close to the unique stationary solution which is the attractor of the einstein - dust system . '
b' we consider a class of multi - armed bandit problems , where the objective is to devise a sampling policy that maximizes the regret of a given sampling policy .  ⁇ n the regret is a difference between the performance of a given sampling policy and that of an oracle that repeatedly samples from the population with the highest mean reward .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new analysis of the kinematics of the recently - discovered ultra - faint dwarf ( ufd ) galaxy f606w .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a theory of glass transition on the basis of elastic waves in a liquid .  ⁇ n we show that the range of propagation of elastic waves in a liquid increases with liquid relaxation time .  ⁇ n this increase gives the vogel - fulcher - tammann law .  ⁇ n we discuss the origin of two dynamic crossovers in a liquid , the absence of divergence of the relaxation time and the origin of liquid fragility .  ⁇ n we also discuss the origin of the divergence of the relaxation time . '
b' we present a detailed analysis of the dynamics of a soft glassy system , a colloidal hard sphere interacting via a hard sphere potential .  ⁇ n we show that the dynamics of the system is governed by a gaussian distribution of the spheres , a feature that is reminiscent of the slow dynamics observed in hard condensed matter .  ⁇ 
b' we study the nonequilibrium growth of a crystal surface with a periodic pinning potential .  ⁇ n we show that the pinning potential is a nonlinear function of the lateral growth and the pinning potential .  ⁇ n the nonlinearity is a consequence of the interplay of the pinning potential and the pinning potential .  ⁇ n we show that the nonlinearity can destroy the roughening transition and destroy the flat phase .  ⁇ n we also show that the nonlinearity can destroy the roughening transition . '
b' we study the critical behavior of the @xmath0-species branching annihilating random walks with one offspring ( baw@xmath1 ) and the @xmath0-species contact processes ( cp ) with and without interspecies hard core interaction .  ⁇ n we find that the absorbing phase ( vacuum ) becomes unstable with respect to an arbitrarily small branching rate in the strong coupling regime .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the adsorption and dissociation of o@xmath0 molecules on lead(111 ) surfaces .  ⁇ n we find that the adiabatic density functional theory calculations are still reliable to study the o@xmath0/pb(111 ) system .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate properties of the earth - skimming tau neutrino induced air shower .  ⁇ n we use the corsika code to simulate the shower initiated by electrons at five different energies .  ⁇ 
b' the conductance and the phase time of a hole tunneling through a single potential barrier are calculated in the framework of the multicomponent scattering approach .  ⁇ n the main idea is to search evidences of anomalous events in the transmission of electrons and optical pulses .  ⁇ n the results are compared with those of electrons and optical pulses .  ⁇ n the results show that the anomalous events are mainly associated with the resonant tunneling of a hole through a single potential barrier .  ⁇ n the resonant tunneling of a hole through a single potential barrier is characterized by a strong dependence of the conductance fluctuations with the density of states .  ⁇ n the resonant tunneling of a hole through a single potential barrier is characterized by a strong dependence of the conductance fluctuations with the density of states .  ⁇ n the resonant tunneling of a hole through a single potential barrier is characterized by a strong dependence of the conductance fluctuations with the density of states .  ⁇ n the resonant tunneling of a hole through 
b' we present a new model for the formation of molecular clouds in galaxie
b' we present a study of the properties of thick discs in galaxies .  ⁇ n we use a sample of 92 galaxies with a median redshift of @xmath0 .  ⁇ 
b' we address the problem of the optimal evaluation of the average mutual information of bi - correlated rician channels .  ⁇ n we show that the asymptotic approximation of the average mutual information is quite accurate even for a very moderate number of antennas .  ⁇ n we also address the optimization of the large system approximation w.r.t .  ⁇ n the input covariance matrix at the transmitter .  ⁇ 
b' i discuss the paradoxical features of quantum communication protocols .  ⁇ n i argue that a protocol which can transmit both values of a bit without any particle present in the transmission channel is impossible , irrespective of the interpretation of quantum mechanics one adopts .  ⁇ n i discuss the recent increasing interest in the applications of counterfactual protocols and try to resolve the controversy . '
b' we study the properties of strange quark matter in the framework of the mit bag model .  ⁇ 
b' modified - electroconvulsive therapy ( m - ect ) is administered for the treatment of various psychiatric disorders .  ⁇ n there are many clinical cases where , due to high thresholds , seizure is not induced by the maximum dose of electrical charge .  ⁇ n the following procedures are considered options for inducing seizure ; ( i ) using the older method of sine - wave ect ( ii ) promoting hyperventilation in patients ( iii ) using anesthetic agents such as ketamine with ect ( iii ) promoting hyperventilation in patients ( iii ) using anesthetic agents such as ketamine with ect ( iii ) using anesthetic agents such as ketamine with ect ( iii ) promoting hyperventilation in patients ( iii ) using anesthetic agents such as ketamine with ect ( iii ) promoting
b' we present a bayesian spectral energy distribution fitting code for active galactic nuclei ( agn ) .  ⁇ n the code is based on a markov chain monte carlo method and allows an integral calculation of the posterior probability distributions of the model parameters taking into account degeneracies and correlations existing among them .  ⁇ 
b' we study the mean - squared displacement , coverage , and trapping properties of random walks on scale - free networks of varying connectivities .  ⁇ 
b' we study the production of charmonium and bottomonium states in the process @xmath0 at the tevatron .  ⁇ n we show that the color octet contribution to the cross section is very important at fixed target energies , @x
b' we present two bayesian methods for estimating the stiffness and diffusion coefficient of a harmonically trapped brownian particle from a time series of positions .  ⁇ n the first method extracts information exploiting the markov property of the sample path and jointly estimates the mean regression rate and the diffusion coefficient .  ⁇ 
b' we present submillimeter polarimetry of the galactic center region .  ⁇ 
b' we study the real time dynamics of the sine - gordon model after a sudden quench of the interaction .  ⁇ n we use the flow equation method to diagonalize the hamiltonian in a controlled approximation , and then to study the time evolution problem in this diagonal basis .  ⁇ n this diagonal basis allows us to study the time evolution in this basis .  ⁇ n the unitary transformation encodes all the difficulties of the problem .  ⁇ n we show that the time evolution problem can be extended to long times without secular terms .  ⁇ n we also show that the time evolution problem can be extended to long times without secular terms . '
b' we investigate the stability and optical response of free - base tetraphenyporphyrin ( tpp ) molecules stacked on single - walled carbon nanotubes ( cnts ) with different chiralities and diameters , and also on graphene .  ⁇ n our results show that the diameter instead chirality would be the relevant cnt parameter to explain the unusual strength of the tpp @xmath0-stacking interaction .  ⁇ n in addition , the tpp binding energy on metallic and semiconducting cnts does not exhibit significant differences that might suggest distinct interactions .  ⁇ n in addition , the transition bands of the tpp remain at almost the same energy position than those found in the isolated tpp , being independent of the cnt structural parameters .  ⁇ n for the tpp physisorption on graphene , we find a very strong binding energy , of about 3.2 ev , providing an upper limit for the stability of cnt - t
b' we extend the conventional higgs - portal model to include two component dark matter candidates , both of them can annihilate into standard model particles and each other through higgs - portal interaction .  ⁇ n the total dark matter relic density and direct direction experiments impose the stringent constraints on parameter space of our model .  ⁇ n we then use allowed parameter space to revise the fine - tuning , unitarity and the vacuum stability of higgs boson .  ⁇ n we find that the fine - tuning of the higgs mass is a strict constraint for the higgs - portal coupling , and the number of scalar singlets is larger than @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the vacuum stability of higgs boson is also examined . '
b' we present a new , deep , x - ray observation of the edge - on spiral galaxy ngc 891 .  ⁇ 
b' a bayesian approach to constructing catalogs from astronomical images is presented .  ⁇ 
b' we study the possibility that neutrinos are dirac fermions in the neutrinophilic two higgs doublet model .  ⁇ n the model uses a global @xmath0 symmetry and a soft - breaking parameter of the @xmath1-doublet scalar potential .  ⁇ n we show that the model can be extended with a dark matter candidate .  ⁇ 
b' recent studies of the entire viral genome revealed that viral mutants that escape cd@xmath0 t cell responses outgrow the resident virus population more slowly than early escapes .  ⁇ n this pattern of escape rate decrease ( erd ) has been assumed to have a biological basis arising from either variation in or a decrease of fitness advantages of escape mutants during the course of infection .  ⁇ n however , this complex dynamics is called _ interference _ , which is a complex dynamical interaction between two similarly beneficial mutations rarely arise simultaneously on one genome .  ⁇ n this complex dynamics is called _ interference _ , which is a complex dynamical interaction between two advantageous mutations .  ⁇ n we investigate under which circumstances genetic interference arises and may thus lead to misinterpretation of pattern of escape rate changes in systems with two loci .  ⁇ n we developed a stochastic model to describe mutation , extinction and fixation of virus strains adequately , and allows recombination of viruses .  ⁇ n we found that interference emerges mainly when cd@xmat
b' we revisit the three - level system in @xmath0 configuration , where the upper state decays spontaneously into the two lower states coupled by a classical driving field .  ⁇ n we derive a set of equations for the two dressed lower states alone , and solve this numerically for different field configurations .  ⁇ n we find that the driving field gives rise to an upper state multiplet , even though it is only coupled to the lower state .  ⁇ n the interference occurs independently in three - level systems .  ⁇ n it turns out that it is not the large total width of the photon number distribution which is crucial for the interference , but rather a fixed phase relation ( coherence ) between adjacent fock modes .  ⁇ n the driving field gives rise to an upper state multiplet , even though it is only coupled to the lower state .  ⁇ n the interference occurs independently in three - level systems .  ⁇ n it turns out that it is not the large total width of the photon number distribution which is crucial for the interference , but rather a fixed phase relation ( coherence 
b' we calculate the magnetization of a two - dimensional electron gas in a periodic potential corresponding to a weak density modulation in both , or in only one spatial direction .  ⁇ n we compare the results for finite and infinite systems , and find that the contribution of the bulk and edge current distributions to the magnetization is very small .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the renormalization group ( rg ) mechanism of catalyzed symmetry breaking in the @
b' we investigate the possibility to use the spin - polarized surface currents of a topological insulator to control the magnetic moment of a molecular magnet adsorbed on the surface of a three - dimensional topological insulator or at the edge of a two - dimensional topological insulator .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the entanglement between two spatially separated quasiparticles in a quantum hall system .  ⁇ n we show that the entanglement between the two particles can be induced by scattering at a reflectionless beam - splitter .  ⁇ n we show that the entanglement can be induced by the scattering of the two particles .  ⁇ n we also discuss the entanglement between the two particles . '
b' we present a first - principles study of the thermal expansion of bismuth .  ⁇ n we use the quasiharmonic approximation to calculate the elastic constants at 0 k and 0 k and the thermal expansion tensor at constant pressure .  ⁇ n we also discuss the impact of spin - orbit interaction on the calculated elastic constants .  ⁇ n we also discuss the role played by the elasticity and the anharmonicity in the anisotropy of the thermal expansion coefficients of bismuth .  ⁇ n finally , we report the specific heat at constant pressure and compare with calorimetry measurements . '
b' we show that if we proceed from relativity of space - time in the berkeley - leibnitz - mach- poincar ( blmp ) meaning , then from his viewpoint the accelerations of the dot masses , forming the reference body of his frame , must be equal to zero .  ⁇ n however , instead , he observes a change in the distances between these dot masses in time .  ⁇ n this fact , which is interpreted as a manifestation of the deviation of geodetic lines in a riemannian space of nonzero curvature , is interpreted as a manifestation of the deviation of geodetic lines in a riemannian space of nonzero curvature .  ⁇ n we show that if we proceed from relativity of space - time in the blmp meaning , then the observer in a proper reference frame of the force field @xmath0 , which is rigidly connected with the earth surface , is forced to consider it as riemannian .  ⁇ n
b' a fluid dynamics video is presented , demonstrating the effects of gravity on the dynamics of a wave .  ⁇ 
b' a new method for finding exact solutions of nonlinear differential equations is presented .  ⁇ n the method is based on the power geometry .  ⁇ n the method is applied to the generalized korteveg  ⁇ n de vries burgers equation .  ⁇ n the solitary waves of the generalized kuramoto sivashinsky equation and of the nonlinear fifth order evolution equation are found .  ⁇ n pacs numbers : 02.30.jb , 02.30.jb , 02.30.jb '
b' the problem of collision avoidance assessment in multi - agent multi - agent environments is studied .  ⁇ n the main objective is to design a flat trajectory which guarantees that the corresponding system dynamics are respected .  ⁇ n the flat output is project over some basis functions which means that only the coefficients of the projections need to be found .  ⁇ n the present work builds on results sketched in @xcite and further advances the topic in several directions .  ⁇ n for most , we provide exact and sub - optimal formulations of the collision avoidance problems between an agent and the obstacles and between any tho agents .  ⁇ n both methods make use of a multi - obstacole framework and are tested and compared over extensive simulations .  ⁇ n the results are illustrated by a simple example . '
b' i review the basic properties of the warm absorber in the seyfert 1 galaxy ngc 5548 .  ⁇ 
b' we study the prisoner s dilemma ( pd ) game , a simple model of the evolution of cooperation among self - interested agents .  ⁇ n the pd game is formulated in the general form of a _  ⁇ n pd game _ , in which two players each confronting two choices : cooperate ( c ) or defect ( d ) .  ⁇ n each of them can both cooperate ( c ) and get the reward  ⁇  for mutual cooperation  ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇  
b' we present an adaptive monte carlo integration algorithm for the pricing of vanilla options in the black - scholes framework .  ⁇ n the algorithm is based on a quadrature splitting criterion and a dimension reduction using a principal components analysis combined with control variates .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed analysis of the abundances of neutron - capture elements in extremely metal - poor stars .  ⁇ n we have performed a detailed analysis of the abundances of neutron - capture elements in very metal - poor stars .  ⁇ 
b' we present high resolution ( 1.1 "" resolution ) mid - infrared images of the central region of the dwarf elliptical galaxy he 2 - 10 .  ⁇ 
b' grb090102 is a grb detected by the _ swift _ satellite and by the konus - wind satellite .  ⁇ n the magic telescope has been used to observe it for 5919 s , achieving a threshold of 30 gev .  ⁇ n the magic - i observations were carried out at very low zenith angles , ensuring a low energy threshold .  ⁇ 
b' the outburst of @xmath0 carinae is accompanied by a strong increase in radiative luminosity , which is inferred to be well above the eddington limit for which _ continuum _ driving by just electron scattering would exceed the stellar gravity .  ⁇ n this is in contradiction to the steady surface wind mass loss observed for these stars .  ⁇ n this is in contrast to what is sometimes claimed , which involves interior processes beyond the scope of this paper .  ⁇ n instead , the focus here is on the way such continuum driving can result in a sustained mass loss that greatly exceeds what is possible through line opacity .  ⁇ n the key feature of continuum driving is that , unlike line driving , it does not become saturated from self - absorption effects in a very dense , optically thick region .  ⁇ n indeed , since both continuum acceleration and gravity scale with the inverse square of the radius , a star that formally exceeds the eddington limit formally becomes gravitationally unbound not only at the surface but throughout . 
b' we study the velocity profile of a collection of particles confined in a plane shear cell .  ⁇ n the velocity profile is modeled as a succession of transient fractures allowing the coherent motion of clusters of different sizes .  ⁇ n we show that the probability distribution and the force spectrum derived from this model are in good agreement with experimental results found in the literature . '
b' we generalize tod s definition of quasi - local charges to arbitrary gauge group .  ⁇ 
b' we show that the spectral type of the companion of the low - mass x - ray binary cygnus x-2 does not vary with orbital phase .  ⁇ n this implies that the spectral type of the companion is not consistent with a low - mass subgiant .  ⁇ n we also show that the spectral type of the companion does not vary with orbital phase .  ⁇ n this implies that the original mass of the companion must have been much higher and that most of the mass of the companion must have been lost from the system .  ⁇ n we discuss some of the implications of this conclusion and how it may affect our understanding of x - ray binaries in general .  ⁇ n # 1_#1 _ # 1_#1 _ = # 1 1.25 in .125 in .25 in '
b' we investigate the differences among previous studies which make the diquark bound - state solutions absent , and propose another approximation scheme in which diquark bound - state solutions exist .  ⁇ n we employ the munczek - nemirovsky model , and find that a certain crossed ladder diagram gives a large repulsive contribution in the diquark bethe - salpeter equation due to its enhanced color factor .  ⁇ n we perform a resummation of these diagrams adopting large-@xmath1 counting as a criteria for the truncation , finding bound - state solutions to the diquark bethe - salpeter equation .  ⁇ n we believe that our result is at least a counterexample of the previous arguments that the bethe - salpeter equation has no solutions in the diquark channel . '
b' tilings are a model for a form of matter that is neither crystaline nor disordered .  ⁇ n the most interesting questions are then about the physical properties of the material being modeled : p1 . what is the x - ray diffraction pattern of the material ?  ⁇ n what is the density of states corresponding to each gap ?  ⁇ n can you really tell the internal structure of the material from diffraction data ?  ⁇ n can you tell the internal structure of the material from diffraction data ?  ⁇ n can you tell the internal structure of the material from diffraction data ?  ⁇ n can you tell the internal structure of the material from diffraction data ?  ⁇ n can you really tell the internal structure of the material from diffraction data ?  ⁇ n can you tell the internal structure of the material from diffraction data ?  ⁇ n can you really tell the internal structure of the material from diffraction data ?  ⁇ n can you really tell the internal structure of the material from diffraction data 
b' this paper studies orthogonal frequency - division multiple access ( ofdma ) based cellular systems with universal frequency reuse .  ⁇ n the downlink transmission is modeled by a single - input single - output interfering broadcast channel ( bc ) , in which adjacent cells share the same frequency band for simultaneous transmission to improve the spectrum efficiency .  ⁇ n the bc is assumed to be equipped with a single antenna , and the system is modeled by a single - input single - output ( siso ) interfering broadcast channel ( bc ) .  ⁇ n the objective of maximizing the system weighted sum - rate is studied in this paper .  ⁇ n numerical experiments under a symmetric channel setup ( with unit average channel gain for all in - cell direct links and the same average channel gain for all cross - cell interference links ) show that the ia - based resource allocation scheme demonstrates its advantages over the traditional scheme without frequency - domain precoding only when the cross - cell link has a comparable strength as the direct link 
b' we present a new spectroscopic analysis of the optical counterpart of the x - ray binary lmc x-1 .  ⁇ n we find that the x - ray spectrum of lmc x-1 is very soft , with a spectral index of 6.4 .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new estimate of the distance to the dwarf spheroidal galaxy leo i based on the tip of the red giant branch ( trgb ) as a standard candle .  ⁇ n the trgb is detected in the i passband and the distance modulus is estimated by means of a monte carlo simulation taking into account all the possible sources of error .  ⁇ 
b' we study a setting where a sequence generated by a source is to be described succinctly to a reconstructor (  ⁇  decoder '' ) with access to some side information .  ⁇ n we show that , although the side information is not available at the describing terminal (  ⁇  encoder '' ) , it can be beneficial in improving the trade - off between the rate of description and the reconstruction distortion .  ⁇ n we also study the distortions that can be simultaneously achieved at the describing terminal ( the encoder distortion ) and at the reconstructing terminal ( the decoder distortion ) as a function of the description rate .  ⁇ n we also provide a single - letter characterization of the trade - off between the description rate and the distortions at the encoder and decoder sides .  ⁇ n finally , we generalize the results to account for more than two constraints and to allow each distortion function to depend on three arguments : the source symbol , the encoder s reconstruction symbol , and the decoder s reconstruction symbol . '
b' we use the current wilkinson microwave anisotropy probe ( wmap ) , boomerang , cbi , and vsa data , and the sdss and 2df galaxy surveys , to constrain radiatively - decaying dark matter .  ⁇ n we find that the wmap data , which is now far better suited for this analysis than the first - year data , provide a much more stringent constraint to radiatively - decaying dark matter .  ⁇ n we also find that the sdss and 2df galaxy surveys provide a much better constraint to the ionization history .  ⁇ n we also find that the sdss and 2df galaxy surveys provide a much better constraint to the ionization history .  ⁇ n we also find that the sdss and 2df galaxy surveys provide a much better constraint to the ionization history .  ⁇ n we also find that the sdss and 2df galaxy surveys provide a better constrain
b' we investigate the effects of stimulated raman adiabatic passage ( stirap ) on the multilevel transitions of a two - boson system .  ⁇ n we show that the raman process is adiabatic , and that avoided crossings in the floquet eigenphases are induced by avoided crossings .  ⁇ n we also show that the spectra of the corresponding hamiltonian are close to random matrix theory .  ⁇ 
b' we propose the existence of two families of short gamma - ray bursts ( grbs ) , both originating from binary neutron star ( ns ) mergers .  ⁇ n we assume that coincides with the less energetic short grbs with @xmath0 erg and the coalescence of the merging nss leads to a massive ns as the merged core .  ⁇ n we assume that short bursts with @xmath1 erg originate from a merger process leading to a black hole ( bh ) as the merged core .  ⁇ n we show that the presence of the bh allows us to address the grb nature within the fireshell model leading to specific signatures in the luminosity , spectra and time variability observed in two very different components : the proper - grb ( p - grb ) and the prompt emission ( p - grb ) .  ⁇ n we show that the p - grb is characterized by a power law with a peak energy
b' we present a detailed study of the finite temperature behavior of sodium clusters in the size range of @x
b' we present a model for the subthreshold calculation of the meson - nucleus strong - interaction potential in pionic atoms .  ⁇ n the model is based on the subthreshold algorithm , which is a generalization of the siddharta algorithm for kaonic atoms .  ⁇ n the model is based on the pion - nucleus interaction , which is a part of the subthreshold algorithm .  ⁇ n the model is based on the chiral @xmath0 interaction , which is a function of the @xmath1-nucleon scattering amplitude .  ⁇ n the model is compared with pionic atom data and with the siddharta results for kaonic atoms .  ⁇ n the model is used to calculate the @xmath2 and @xmath1-nucleus strong - interaction potentials in pionic atoms .  ⁇ 
b' we have studied the process @xmath0 at the lhc .  ⁇ n the process takes part as a subprocess in the main reaction @xmath1 .  ⁇ n the photon which enters the subprocess is emitted from one of the proton beams and described by equivalent photon approximation ( epa ) .  ⁇ n the photon which enters the subprocess is emitted from one of the proton beams and described by equivalent photon approximation ( epa ) .  ⁇ n the photon which enters the subprocess is emitted from one of the proton beams and described by epa .  ⁇ n the photon which enters the subprocess is emitted from one of the proton beams and described by epa .  ⁇ n the photon which enters the subprocess is emitted from one of the proton beams and described by epa .  ⁇ n the photon which enters the subprocess is emitted from one of the proton beam
b' we study the space of solutions of an expanding friedmann robertson walker spacetime in presence of a pressureless dust component and a viscous radiation component .  ⁇ n we consider a nonlinear extension of israel - stewart s model , which is a generalization of the israel - stewart model .  ⁇ 
b' sofia is a space - based observatory , designed to monitor the sky for astronomical phenomena .  ⁇ n it is a _  ⁇ n  ⁇ n astronomical observatory _ , a _ space - based observatory _ , and a _ space - based observatory _ , a _ space - based observatory _ , a _ space - based observatory _ , and a _ space - based observatory _ , a _ space - based observatory _ , and a _ space - based observatory _ , a _ space - based observatory _ , and a _ space - based observatory _ , a _ space - based observatory _ , a _ space - based observatory _ , and a _ space - based observatory _ , a _ space - based observatory _ 
b' we propose to use the pattern of the large - scale galaxy distribution to study both the first and second phenomena of the universe .  ⁇ n we introduce this tool as a geometrical method similar to the alcock - paczynski test or the bao - scale method .  ⁇ n we show that this method is complementary to other methods such as the bao - scale method , and has a power comparable to the bao - scale method in constraining the dark energy equation of state .  ⁇ n we also show that this method is complementary to other methods such as the bao - scale method , and has a power comparable to the bao - scale method in constraining the equation of state of the dark energy . '
b' we present a new method to reconstruct the star formation history ( sfh ) of the galactic disk .  ⁇ n we use a sample of m dwarfs , whose spectra show h@xmath0 emission ( dme ) , drawn from the fourth edition of the catalogue of nearby stars ( cns4 ) .  ⁇ 
b' we compute the four - loop corrections to the quark mass decoupling constant @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the result is compared with the five - loop result for @xmath1 .  ⁇ n we also apply a low - energy theorem to derive , from the four - loop result of @
b' we observed the connected structures of stock networks derived from the minimal spanning tree method .  ⁇ n we used the multi - factor model , which is generated by a statistical approach , to verify the connected structures of stock networks .  ⁇ n we found that stocks which have a large number of links to other stocks in stock networks are more likely to be explained by common factors than those which have a small number of links .  ⁇ n this indicates that common factors are the factors of determination that can have a significant influence on the link structures of stock networks . '
b' we study the production of the strangeness off the proton in the _ s- _ and _ u-_channels .  ⁇ n we show that the _ s-_channel exchanges are a significant contribution to the amplitude .  ⁇ n we also show that the _ s-_channel exchanges are a significant contribution to the amplitude .  ⁇ 
b' we report on the detection of a pair of side resonances in optically detected magnetic resonance signals of negatively charged nitrogen - vacancy ( nv@xmath0 ) centers in diamond .  ⁇ 
b' we study the electronic structure of a one - dimensional carbon chain , a conductive polymer , and a conductive polymer , a conductive polymer .  ⁇ n the system is described by a one - dimensional massless dirac equation with a constant mass term .  ⁇ n the conductive polymer is unstable and consequently it distorts ( structurally ) spontaneously ( peierls distortion ) yielding a modulation ( alternation ) of the spacing between successive sites , yielding a dimerization of successive atoms along the chain and the opening of a gap in the electronic spectrum .  ⁇ n the dimerization can occur in two energetically degenerate , but spatially distinct , patterns , termed equivalent domain structures .  ⁇ n one of these domains is a realization of the 1d dirac equation with a constant mass term , and the other is a realization of the 1d dirac equation with a constant mass term .  ⁇ n the dimerization can occur in two energetically degenerate
b' we study the u(2)@xmath0 nambu jona - lasinio model in 1 + 1 dimensions .  ⁇ 
b' we study the dynamics of a bose - einstein condensate ( bec ) in an optical cavity with a moving mirror .  ⁇ n we show that the dynamics of the bec can be characterized by two kinds of nonlinearities .  ⁇ 
b' we discuss the relation between zero - frequency current noise , coulomb correlations , and entanglement for the example of a double quantum dot .  ⁇ n we show that the important interaction parameter @xmath0 ( containing information about the entanglement ) enters the fano factor ( i.e. , the ratio of noise power to current ) in this regime .  ⁇ n this kind of noise spectroscopy can be used to directly extract @xmath0 from experimentally observable quantities .  ⁇ n we extend a previous discussion of the low - frequency shot noise of a double - dot system by an analysis of the full counting statistics of the transferred charge .  ⁇ n this allows us to identify directly the interaction parameter by a noise measurement .  ⁇ n one main result is obtained in the transport regime , in which predominantly only one electron occupies the lowest double dot level due to the coulomb interaction .  ⁇ n thermal activation leads to tunneling events through excited two - electron states which result ( under the conditions studied ) in super - poisson
b' the anisotropic grad - shafranov equations for the pressure balance of magnetic and thermal pressures are revisited .  ⁇ n the equations of state resulting from an adiabatic approximation of the drift kinetic equation are shown to be ill - posed .  ⁇ n the resulting equations of state are shown to be ill - posed .  ⁇ n the resulting equations of state are shown to be regularized due to an overestimate of the contributions from the particles with a large magnetic moment .  ⁇ n numerical simulations reproduce the pressure - balanced structures .  ⁇ n the stability of the structures is analyzed and it is shown that fi- nite larmor corrections and trapped particles are to be retained . '
b' i review recent progress in the evolution of the fundamental plane and the correlation between stellar velocity dispersion and total mass as measured by strong gravitational lensing .  ⁇ 
b' we present an attempt to formalize what may be called a string field theory ( sft ) for ( closed ) topological strings with hodge property .  ⁇ n we call it a _ string field theory ( sft ) _ if the differential forms of non - zero degree have support only in a vicinity of the points of maximal degeneration .  ⁇ n we call it zwiebach invariants .  ⁇ n we show that a sft - like sft - like sft - like sft - like sft - like sft - like sft - like sft - like sft - like sft - like sft - like sft - like sft - like sft - like sft - like sft - like sft - like sft - like sft - like sft - like
"b"" the lorentz - fitzgerald contraction ( lfc ) of a moving object is a geometric consequence of the space - time lorentz transformation ( lt ) .  ⁇ n it is shown that , in the case of a moving object , the lfc of its proper frame is a geometric consequence of the lt .  ⁇ n the lfc of a moving object is a geometric consequence of the lt , and the lfc of a moving object is a geometric consequence of the lt .  ⁇ n the lfc of a moving object is a geometric consequence of the lt .  ⁇ n the lfc of a moving object is a geometric consequence of the lt .  ⁇ n the lfc of a moving object is a geometric consequence of the lt .  ⁇ n the lfc of a moving object is a geometric consequence of the lt .  ⁇ n the lfc of a moving object
b' we describe a new paradox for ideal fluid flow in the presence of a black hole .  ⁇ n this indicates that the correlation length of a real fluid can not be arbitrarily small .  ⁇ n this implies that the energy - momentum tensors describing systems which display macroscopic fluid behavior must be subject to a restriction : the shear viscosity , a function of the thermodynamic state of the system , can not be arbitrarily small .  ⁇ n this opens an alternative macroscopic approach to the recently proposed lower bound on viscosity .  ⁇ n we do this by describing a new paradox for ideal fluid flow in the presence of a black hole .  ⁇ n this indicates that the correlation length of a real fluid can not be arbitrarily small .  ⁇ n this indicates that the energy - momentum tensors describing systems which display macroscopic fluid behavior must be subject to a restriction : the shear viscosity , a function of the thermodynamic state of the system , can not be arbitrarily small .  ⁇ 
b' we present a spectral analysis of the black hole binary cygnus x-1 , obtained with the _ rossi x - ray timing explorer _ , a _ rossi x - ray timing explorer _ , and a _ chandra _ acis - s .  ⁇ 
b' the total and elastic cross sections for pp and np collisions are calculated using the glauber model .  ⁇ n the total cross sections and the ratio of real to imaginary parts of the scattering amplitudes are presented .  ⁇ n the angular distributions of elastic scattering on light and heavy nuclei are calculated using the glauber model .  ⁇ n the results are compared with those available in the literature .  ⁇ n the results are compared with the experimental data . '
b' we present a method to remove sky - noise from submillimetre common - user bolometer array ( scuba ) data .  ⁇ 
b' we present the first detection of co@xmath0 emission toward cepheus a east .  ⁇ n the co@xmath0 emission is detected in two overlapping fields , with a spatial resolution of a few arcsec .  ⁇ n the co@xmath0 emission is detected in the s(1 ) , s(2 ) and s(3 ) lines , and in the s(7 ) , s(7 ) , c@xmath0h@xmath0 , [ ] , [ ] , [ ] and [ ] lines .  ⁇ n the co@xmath0 emission is detected in the s(7 ) , s(7 ) , c@xmath0h@xmath0 , [ ] , [ ] , [ ] and [ ] lines .  ⁇ n the co@xmath0 emission is detected in the s(7 ) , s(7 ) , c@x
b' we suggest a simple physical explanation for the observed correlation between the soft x - ray spectral index and the h@xmath0 line width .  ⁇ n assuming the narrower permitted lines reflects a lower keplerian velocity , we show that a steeper spectrum has a stronger ionizing power , and hence the blr form at a relatively larger distance from the central source .  ⁇ n we derive a simple analytic relation between the width of broad emission lines and the continuum slope of the central engine .  ⁇ n the observed velocity dispersion is determined by the mass of the central black hole and the broad line region radius .  ⁇ 
b' we study the propagation of fermions and gauge fields in the fifth dimension .  ⁇ n we consider the case of a scalar field with a mass parameter @xmath0 , and a third generation chiral quark field with a mass parameter @xmath1 .  ⁇ 
b' we study the effects of finite size on the superconducting properties of two - flavour colour superconducting matter .  ⁇ n we use a model of a cubic box with antiperiodic boundary conditions to model the effects of finite size .  ⁇ n we find that the superconducting gap persists after , though not always before , projection onto a colour - singlet state .  ⁇ n we also generalise the expression given in the previous work .  ⁇ n we find that the superconducting gap persists after , though not always before , projection in systems of finite size . '
b' we present the first observational determination of the column densities of ch and oh in the high velocity component of @xmath0 car .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new method for designing frequency - selective pulses that are simultaneously tolerant to rf inhomogeneity and relaxation effects .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new method for analyzing the cosmic microwave background ( cmb ) polarization sky maps .  ⁇ n the method is based on the gibbs sampling algorithm , and is applicable to all polarization sky maps .  ⁇ n the method is based on the gibbs sampling framework , and is applicable to all polarization sky maps .  ⁇ 
b' we present a statistic for the redshift dispersion of galaxies , which is a pair - weighted statistic .  ⁇ n we show that the redshift dispersion can be calculated as a function of density , and that it can be applied to volume limited samples drawn from redshift surveys .  ⁇ n we show that the cosmic virial theorem can be applied to subsets of particles in a system which correspond to surfaces of constant density .  ⁇ 
b' we study the half - metallic ferromagnets [ sc@xmath0v@xmath1c and [ sc@xmath0v@xmath1si ) within the local density approximation within the full potential nonorthogonal local  ⁇ n orbital minimum basis band structure scheme .  ⁇ n we find that the total spin moment , @
b' we present a comparative statistical analysis of the properties of known prograde and retrograde centaurs .  ⁇ n we find that the three largest known retrograde centaurs ( @xmath0 = 9.3 mag ) are ( 342842 ) 2008 yb@xmath1 ( @xmath0 = 9.3 mag ) , 2011 mm@xmath1 ( @xmath0 = 9.3 mag ) and 2013 lu@xmath1 ( @xmath0 = 8.1 mag ) .  ⁇ n we also find that the three largest retrograde centaurs may be the key to identify the size threshold for catastrophic collisions in the early solar system .  ⁇ n on the other hand , they are also submitted to retrograde mean motion resonances that make them dynamically unstable .  ⁇ n we also discuss the implications of these large retrograde centaurs for the formation of the oort cloud . '
b' the inner structure of spiral wave is studied in details by making use of _ _ duan s topological current theory _  ⁇ n . it is shown that the center of spiral wave is not only classified by topological charge , but also classified by hopf index , brouwer degree in more detail in geometry .  ⁇ n the evolution of spiral wave is also investigated .  ⁇ n it is shown that the spiral waves generate or annihilate at the limit points and encounter , split , or merge at the bifurcation points of the spiral wave field .  ⁇ n some possible applications of our topological theory are also discussed . '
b' we present the results of a spectroscopic study of the radio - quiet neutron star .  ⁇ n the observations were carried out with the european photon imaging camera ( epic ) instrument on december 23 , 2001 .  ⁇ n the spectrum shows a broad absorption feature at @xmath00.7 and @xmath01.4 kev .  ⁇ n the period derivative @xmath2 = ( 2.0@xmath3 ) @xmath4 10@xmath5 s s@
b' we present a first principles band structure calculation of eub@xmath0 based on the augmented plane wave method .  ⁇ n the eu@xmath1 orbital of eu is half filled and the @xmath2 orbital of yb is half filled .  ⁇ n the eu@xmath1 orbital of yb is half filled and the @xmath1 orbital of eu is half filled .  ⁇ n the eu@xmath1 orbital of yb is half filled and the @xmath1 orbital of eu is half filled .  ⁇ n the eu@xmath1 orbital of yb is half filled and the @xmath1 orbital of eu is half filled .  ⁇ n the eu@xmath1 orbital of yb is half filled and the @xmath1 orbital of eu is half filled .  ⁇ n the @xmath1 orbital of eu is half filled and the @xmath1 orbit
b' we present a timing analysis of the x - ray emission from the agn mcg-5 - 23 - 16 , obtained with the _ nuclear spectroscopic telescope array _ ( _ nustar _ ) satellite .  ⁇ 
b' we study the stability of holographic dark energy ( hde ) with future event horizon in the framework of scalar - field dark energy model .  ⁇ 
b' i briefly discuss the nebulae around massive stars , and discuss some of the most striking examples of massive stars .  ⁇ n i also discuss some results for eta carinae and a few other massive stars that have been studied in detail .  ⁇ n i also discuss some results for a few other massive stars that have been studied in detail , which challenge some familiar ideas developed from the study of planetary nebulae . '
b' we present a study of the dijet production cross section in @xmath0 scattering at hera .  ⁇ n we use a parametrized parton distribution function for virtual photons .  ⁇ 
b' we extend a model of projectile mutifragmentation to include an impact parameter dependence of @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the model is applied to the collisions of ni on be and ta at 140 mev / nucleon and xe on al at 790 mev / nucleon .  ⁇ 
b' we develop noncommutative gauge theory in the matrix formulation .  ⁇ n we show that the leading long distance interactions that result from integrating out the uv states cancel at each order in perturbation theory for supersymmetric theories .  ⁇ n we then discuss renormalizability in the context of nonsupersymmetric noncommutative theories and argue that uv - ir mixing generally introduces divergences that spoil the consistency of the perturbative analysis .  ⁇ n we also argue that , beyond one loop order , uv - ir mixing generally introduces divergences that spoil the consistency of the perturbative analysis . '
b' we consider a piecewise - deterministic markov process ( pdmp ) model of an aluminum structure subject to corrosion .  ⁇ n the model is a generalization of the pdmp model introduced by davis .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the @xmath0 decays in the framework of the perturbative qcd .  ⁇ n the @xmath1 decays are calculated in the framework of the sm .  ⁇ n the @xmath2 decays are calculated in the framework of the sm .  ⁇ n the @x
b' we present a simple and compelling method for presenting local distortions in map projections .  ⁇ n the method is based on the tissot indicatrice , and is based on the hammond optimal conformal projections of the oxford hammond atlas of the world .  ⁇ n we show that the tissot ellipse does not carry all of the information related to distortions .  ⁇ 
b' we consider rotation - invariance violation in the standard - model extension .  ⁇ n we show that observer rotation invariance holds , while a particle rotation changes the experiment s outcome , violating lorentz symmetry .  ⁇ n we also show that a particle rotation of the original experiment leaves the mass matrix , but alters the direction of the gravitational field relative to the background .  ⁇ n this produces observable lorentz violation . '
b' we present a theoretical model for the spectral formation of x - ray pulsars based on the accretion - powered accretion column model .  ⁇ n the accretion column is assumed to pass through a radiative shock before settling onto the surface of the star .  ⁇ 
b' we study the efficiency of third harmonic generation ( thg ) in graphene - enhanced wavelength conversion devices .  ⁇ n we show that engineering modal dispersion allows to simultaneously satisfy second harmonic generation ( shg ) and sum - frequency generation ( sfg ) phase - matching conditions for both shg and sfg .  ⁇ n we show that the efficiency of thg can be enhanced by a factor of 5 compared to direct non - cascaded thg . '
b' we perform two - dimensional hybrid simulations of collisionless shocks propagating into partially ionized plasmas .  ⁇ n we show that the shock strongly amplify magnetic fields .  ⁇ 
b' the _ einstein papers project _ is a long - term editorial project devoted to publishing the _ collected papers of albert einstein _ ( cpa
b' we present a new analysis of the subaru / xmm - newton deep survey ( sxds ) field .  ⁇ n we have obtained a sample of tens of thousands of proper motions for tens of thousands of stars .  ⁇ n we have used artificial stars inserted into our images to estimate the completeness of our sample as a function of magnitude and motion , and , to a limited degree , color .  ⁇ n we also present a very interesting star , which combines a large proper motion with a very faint apparent magnitude .  ⁇ n we also briefly compare our sample of moving stars with those found in the subaru deep field and predicted in the besanon model . '
b' we present a systematic survey of da white dwarfs based on the last published version of the sloan digital sky survey ( sd
b' we study the flow of a shallow layer of ideal irrotational fluid on a curved substrate .  ⁇ n we show that the governing equation can be solved in terms of characteristics .  ⁇ n moreover , the characteristics are geodesics on the curved substrate , modified by gravity if it is present .  ⁇ n we look at specific numerical solutions for particle trajectories , and speculate on their chaotic nature . '
b' stellar observations network group ( song ) is an initiative to create a global network of highly specialized 1 m telescopes aimed at doing time - domain astronomy .  ⁇ n in particular the goals are to produce exquisite data for asteroseismic studies of stars across most of the hr diagram , and to search for , and characterize , the population
b' we show how classical hamiltonian chaos with sensitive dependence on initial conditions , positive lyapunov exponents , fractal properties of underlying phase space , and anomalous statistical characteristics may arise from quantum electrodynamics of a single atom strongly interacting with a quantized mode of the electromagnetic radiation field in a high - quality cavity .  ⁇ n the atom - photon interaction constitutes the rapidly growing field of cavity quantum electrodynamics .  ⁇ n the purpose of this lecture is to show how classical hamiltonian chaos with sensitive dependence on initial conditions , positive lyapunov exponents , fractal properties of underlying phase space , and anomalous statistical characteristics may arise from quantum electrodynamics of a single atom strongly interacting with a quantized mode of the electromagnetic radiation field in a high - quality cavity . '
b' i describe a new way to make waves .  ⁇ 
b' we present three orbits of f555w and f814w imaging data obtained on 1997 september 5 , as well as one orbit of f555w , f439w , and f218w imaging data obtained on 1995 september 13 .  ⁇ n the orbits of f555w and f814w are consistent with the orbital periods of the low - mass x - ray binary ( lmxb ) in ngc6652 , and the orbital periods of the lmxb in ngc6712 .  ⁇ n the orbital periods of the lmxb in ngc6652 are consistent with the orbital periods of the lmxb in ngc1851 , and the orbital periods of the lmxb in ngc6712 are consistent with the orbital periods of the lmxb in ngc1851 .  ⁇ n the orbital periods of the lmxb in ngc6712 are consistent with the orbital periods of the lmxb in
b' we study the non - acyclic reidemeister torsion for a pair of a @xmath0-bridge knot and @xmath1-representation of its knot group .  ⁇ n we give an explicit expression of the non - acyclic reidemeister torsion for a pair of a @xmath2-bridge knot and @xmath1-representation of its knot group .  ⁇ n we also investigate where the non - acyclic reidemeister torsion associated to a @xmath3-bridge knot has critical points .  ⁇ n we will see that the critical points of the non - acyclic reidemeister torsion associated to a @xmath3-bridge knot are binary dihedral representations and these representations are related to the geometry of the character variety of a @xmath3-bridge knot group . '
b' in this article , we will discuss the optical quantum computer ( oqc ) and solid - state quantum computer ( ssqc ) .  ⁇ n we will show the main technical requirements to construct oqc and ssqc .  ⁇ n moreover , we are proposing to construct oqc based on rds crystals .  ⁇ n moreover , we will show that the oqc is a very promising technique to construct solid - state quantum computer .  ⁇ n pacs numbers : 03.67.-a , 03.67.-a , 03.67.-a '
b' we have used mller s energy - momentum complex to calculate the energy distribution of an exact solution for a static massless scalar field minimally coupled to gravity in @xmath0 dimensions .  ⁇ n the energy distribution is obtained by a global lorentz transformation .  ⁇ n the energy - momentum tensor is obtained by a hamiltonian boundary term .  ⁇ n the energy - momentum tensor is obtained by a hamiltonian boundary term .  ⁇ n the energy - momentum tensor is obtained by a hamiltonian boundary term .  ⁇ n the energy - momentum tensor is obtained by a hamiltonian boundary term .  ⁇ n the energy - momentum tensor is obtained by a hamiltonian boundary term .  ⁇ n the energy - momentum tensor is obtained by a hamiltonian boundary term .  ⁇ n the energy - momentum tensor is obtained by a hamiltonian boundary term .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a search for @xmath0dor stars in the geneva photometric database .  ⁇ n we have found 11 new @xmath0dor candidates .  ⁇ n we have also searched for periodic behaviour in the data .  ⁇ n we have found no evidence for periodic behaviour in the data .  ⁇ n we have also found a new spectral type of @xmath0dor stars .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new method to study the mass distribution in spirals .  ⁇ 
b' we study the phase lapses of the transmission phase @xmath0 of a quantum dot , which are induced by the coulomb interaction .  ⁇ n we show that the phase lapses of the transmission phase @xmath1 are a universal feature of the many - electron regime , i.e. that they are sharply downward in the coulomb blockade valleys between any two successive peaks .  ⁇ 
b' we present results from the arecibo hi strip survey , an unbiased 21 cm survey with a fwhm of 3.2 arcmin and depth of 7400 .  ⁇ n the survey yielded 61 detections , of which about half could be associated with cataloged galaxies listed in the nasa extragalactic database .  ⁇ n the hi selected galaxies generally follow the same structures as optical selected galaxie
b' we present a new methodology for analyzing the statistics of the detections and nondetections of spectral lines in batse bursts .  ⁇ n the methodology is based on a hierarchy of probabilities based on the probability of detecting a line in a spectrum .  ⁇ n this probability is primarily a function of the signal - to - noise ratio of the continuum and the angle between the detector normal and the burst .  ⁇ n we have assembled a database of the necessary batse information , and we are collaborating with the _ ginga _ team in deriving the data for their detectors , as well as in calculating the detection probabilities for the _ ginga _ burst detector .  ⁇ n we have also developed a number of standard  ⁇  frequentist '' consistency measures such as the probability that if there are two detections , both would be in the _ ging
b' we present a new algorithm for the design of reduced - order positive filters for linear systems .  ⁇ n the proposed algorithm is based on a linear matrix inequalities formulation of the problem .  ⁇ n the proposed algorithm is based on a recursive - based recursive - based recursive - based recursive - based recursive - based recursive - based recursive - based recursive - based recursive - based recursive - based recursive - based recursive - based recursive - based recursive - based recursive - based recursive - based recursive - based recursive - based recursive - based recursive - based recursive - based recursive - based recursive - based recursive - based 
b' the phase diagram of qcd at finite temperature and chemical potentials is summarised .  ⁇ n the sign problem is discussed .  ⁇ n the new techniques ( the overlap improving multi - parameter reweighting and the analytic continuation ) are presented .  ⁇ n the results of the budapest group are listed ( the phase line , the location of the critical endpoint and the equation of state at nonvanishing density ) .  ⁇ n the results of the bielefeld - swansea group ( the phase line , the equation of state at @xmath0@xmath1@xmath1 and @xmath0@xmath4@xmath5 and the response of the critical endpoint to the change of @xmath1 ) are also discussed . '
b' we study the possibility of constructing a nonsupersymmetric gauge dual of qcd .  ⁇ n we show that the potential dual of qcd with one adjoint weyl fermion can be constructed for any number of colors greater than two .  ⁇ n we also show that the potential dual of qcd with one adjoint weyl fermion can be constructed for any number of colors greater than two .  ⁇ n we also show that the potential dual of qcd with one adjoint weyl fermion can be constructed for any number of colors greater than two .  ⁇ n pacs numbers : 11.15.ha , 11.30.er , 11.30.er '
b' we present a new proper motion measurement of the becklin - neugebauer ( bn ) object in the kleinmann - low nebula .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed analysis of the properties and evolution of superclusters , based on a new cosmological simulation .  ⁇ 
b' we present a near infrared ( nir ) study of the galactic center ( gc ) .  ⁇ 
b' we study the valence - bond - solid ( vbs ) ground state of the affleck - kennedy - lieb - tasaki ( aklt ) model in one dimension .  ⁇ n we show that the vbs ground state is a unique ground state and there is an energy gap immediately above the ground state .  ⁇ 
b' we present a multi - physics , multi - algorithm high resolution code , pluto , for the numerical simulation of highly supersonic flows in presence of strong discontinuities .  ⁇ n pluto is a multi - physics , multi - solver code , which is designed to integrate a general system of conservation laws and it can be employed under different regimes , i.e. , classical , relativistic unmagnetized and magnetized flows .  ⁇ n pluto is designed to integrate a general system of conservation laws and it can be employed under different regimes , i.e. , classical , relativistic unmagnetized and magnetized flows .  ⁇ n pluto is designed to be implemented in the message passing interface ( mpi ) library and can run on either single processor or parallel machines .  ⁇ n the code is completely written in the c programming language and can run on either single processor or parallel machines .  ⁇ n the latter functionality being implemented through the message passing interface ( mpi ) library .  ⁇ n the code is completely modular and can
b' we investigate the qcd sum rules of the @xmath0 scalar glueball in the instanton liquid model of the qcd vacuum .  ⁇ n we find that the instanton - induced contributions to the qcd sum rules are very small , and the gaussian sum rule is a good sum rule for the @xmath0 scalar glueball .  ⁇ n we also find that the gaussian sum rule is a good sum rule for the @xmath0 scalar glueball .  ⁇ n we also discuss the implications of the instanton - induced contributions to the qcd sum rules . '
b' we study the local - field correction to the spontaneous decay rate of an atom embedded in a dispersing and absorbing dielectric sphere .  ⁇ n we consider the case of an atom located at an arbitrary location within a dielectric sphere or a dielectric cube .  ⁇ n we calculate the local - field correction to the decay rate of an excited atom , which is located at the center of the sphere .  ⁇ 
b' we present a tully - fisher relation for nearly face - on spiral galaxies .  ⁇ n we use ccd images and h@
b' the equilibrium statistical mechanics of infinite ( bulk ) media , conductors and dielectrics , fully coupled to the radiated electromagnetic field is studied .  ⁇ n the main goal of this paper is to determine how fluctuations of various statistical quantities , like charge and current densities , scalar and vector potentials , electric and magnetic fields , etc . , around their mean values are correlated in space and time .  ⁇ n a special attention is devoted to the behavior of correlation functions at asymptotically large distances and to the so - called sum rules , which fix the values of certain moments of the correlation functions .  ⁇ n the considered models are composed of spinless charged particles which are quantum , but non - relativistic ( i.e. , they obey the schrdinger equation ) , and are fully coupled to both electric and magnetic ( transverse ) parts of the radiated electromagnetic field .  ⁇ n the considered models are composed of quantum , but non - relativistic ( i.e. , they obey the dirac particle 
b' we show that the distribution of all base stations of an operator and for a technology can be fitted with a @xmath0-ginibre point process ( @xmath0-gpp ) distribution in the paris area .  ⁇ n we prove that the superposition of different @xmath0-gpps converges in distribution to a ppp process .  ⁇ n we draw conclusions on the coverage - capacity trade - off made by different operators . '
b' we discuss three areas of novel discoveries and insights emerging recently from extragalactic studies .  ⁇ n the first is new constraints on globular star cluster origins in a cosmological context , the second is more extensive mapping of the parameter space of compact stellar systems , and the third concerns observations of tidally stripped nuclei . '
b' we present a three - dimensional study of the twisting nature of two prominence eruption events on 2007 may 19 and 2007 may 19 .  ⁇ n we use observations from the _ extreme ultraviolet imager _ ( euvi ) instruments on board the twin _ solar terrestrial relations observatory _ ( stereo ) spacecraft , and compare the twisting nature of the two prominences .  ⁇ n we find that the twisting nature of the prominences is mainly determined by the changes in latitude and longitude of features selected along their legs .  ⁇ n we also find that the twisting nature of the prominences is mainly determined by the changes in latitude and longitude of features selected along their legs .  ⁇ n we also find that the twisting nature of the prominences is more pronounced in the fast - eruptive phase , and that the twisting nature of the prominences is more pronounced in the slow - eruptive phase .  ⁇ n we also find that the twisting nature of the prominences is more pronounced in the slow - eruptive phase .  ⁇ n we
b' i briefly discuss the potential of low - energy beta - beams for neutrino - nucleus scattering .  ⁇ n i discuss the sensitivity of the cross section to the neutron - to - proton ratio , n / p , and the neutrino - driven wind in a core - collapse supernova .  ⁇ n i also discuss the impact of the neutrino - driven wind on the r - process nucleosynthesis . '
b' we study the emergence of collective behavior of an extended system when the initial conditions of a local subsystem are changed .  ⁇ n we show that , in the extended system , wave trains , propagating solitary pulses and propagating pulse packets can develop .  ⁇ n these types
b' ai applications , such as robotics and logistics , rely on a variety of disciplines such as logic , probabilistic reasoning , machine learning and mathematical programming .  ⁇ n these applications are often described in a combination of natural and mathematical language , and need to be engineered for the individual application .  ⁇ n formal languages that allow declarative specifications enable re - use and descriptive clarity .  ⁇ n the subfields of ai have contributed many formalism
b' we perform 1st - order and all - order calculations of positronium formation from valence and subvalence subshells .  ⁇ n we argue that a structure observed at energies beyond the main cross section maximum ( described as a shoulder or in some cases seen as a secondary peak ) is most likely related to positronium formation by the subvalence electrons .  ⁇ n we also consider positronium formation from inner shells .  ⁇ n it produces inner - shell vacancies and can be important for positron - annihilation - induced auger - electron spectroscopy . '
b' we use a cosmological n - body + smoothed particle hydrodynamics simulation to study the formation of galaxies .  ⁇ n we find that the halo mass where cold gas accretion is dominated by filaments is in good agreement with the theoretical analysis of .  ⁇ 
b' we present a simple and effective method for evaluating the one - loop vacuum energy of a quantum field in @xmath0 dimensions , based on the cauchy integral formula and the mittag - leffler expansion theorem in one of its simplest versions .  ⁇ n the method is applied to the case of the slab - bag model , in which the quark field is constrained into a region bounded by two infinite hyperslabs separated by a fixed distance .  ⁇ n the resulting spectrum is quite complex , and serves as a convenient test of the method .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed analysis of the cosmic evolution of supernova ( sn ) rates .  ⁇ n we use a sample of sne with a wide range of luminosities and ages , and compare the results with those obtained from the literature .  ⁇ n we find that the sn rate is a sensitive probe of the star formation history ( sfh ) in the galaxies .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the causal behavior of superluminal propagations in classical field theories .  ⁇ n we show that the notion of causality is usually formulated in the theory of general relativity .  ⁇ n we then show that causality is generically allowed in a minimal form .  ⁇ n we also discuss the causal paradoxes that arise in a non causal theory .  ⁇ n we finally briefly investigate what kind of field theory can lead to superluminal propagation . '
b' we study the bound states of quark and anti - quark in the homogeneous bethe - salpeter equation in the ladder approximation .  ⁇ n we find that the chiral symmetry is restored at the phase transition point .  ⁇ n we also investigate the critical behavior of the masses of the bound states .  ⁇ 
b' we study the effect of a single impurity on the entanglement entropy of a one - dimensional free fermi gas .  ⁇ n we show that the entanglement entropy of the free fermi gas is a function of the subsystem size , and that the subleading term is proportional to the subsystem size .  ⁇ n we also show that the single impurity induces a term on the order of @xmath0 to the entanglement entropy .  ⁇ n we also examine numerically the behavior of the subleading term in the regime of large impurity strength , small impurity strength , and disorder . '
b' we present a classification of the luminosity function ( lf ) of galaxies in the sloan digital sky survey ( sdss ) .  ⁇ 
b' the alice collaboration is planning a major upgrade of the central barrel detectors at the cern lhc to cope with the anticipated increase of the lhc luminosity after 2020 .  ⁇ n the tpc will be replaced by the continuously operated gas electron multiplier ( gem ) detectors .  ⁇ n the gem detectors will be operated at an effective gain of 2000 .  ⁇ 
b' we present preliminary results of a photometric study of the cluster ngc 458 in the smc .  ⁇ n the cluster is a young , populous and helium - burning cluster .  ⁇ 
b' we study the ground state properties of a two - leg quantum spin ladder system with ferromagnetic legs .  ⁇ n we use the density matrix renormalization group method to study the ground state properties .  ⁇ n we find that the ground state is a haldane phase , and the ground state is a haldane phase .  ⁇ n we also discuss the phase diagram of the model .  ⁇ 
b' we present results of a global disk model of spiral galaxies .  ⁇ n we find that for some spiral galaxies the mass distribution can not be spherical at larger radii .  ⁇ n we then find that mass distribution of luminous matter accounts for rotation curves of the examined galaxies .  ⁇ n we also find that luminous matter accounts for rotation in the internal galactic regions .  ⁇ n we also find that luminous matter accounts for rotation curves of the examined galaxies .  ⁇ n we also show that luminous matter accounts for rotation curves of the examined galaxies .  ⁇ n we also discuss some important issues concerning rotation curve modeling . '
b' we present the results of a keck ii adaptive optics study of the ultraluminous infrared galaxy ngc 6240 .  ⁇ n the k band light is dominated by red supergiants in @xmath020 myr - old starbursts , and the k band light is dominated by a circumnuclear star cluster .  ⁇ n the k band light is dominated by red supergiants in @xmath020 myr - old starbursts , and the k band light is dominated by red supergiants in @xmath020 myr - old starbursts .  ⁇ n the k band light is dominated by red supergiants in @xmath020 myr - old starbursts , and the k band light is dominated by red supergiants in @xmath020 myr - old starbursts .  ⁇ n the k band light is dominated by red supergiants in @xmat
b' we present a new method for calculating the near - field images produced by scanning near - field optical microscopes ( snom ) .  ⁇ 
b' we present a theoretical study of the adsorbate - substrate interaction and the adsorbate - induced switching of @xmath0-tetra-_tert_-butyl - azobenzene ( tba ) .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new analysis of the spectral energy distribution ( sed ) of the m31 halo field .  ⁇ n we find that the sed of the m31 halo field is dominated by intermediate - age stars , with metallicities ranging from 0.5 to 1.2 solar .  ⁇ 
b' we study the production of top anti - tops at hadronic colliders .  ⁇ n we focus on the di - lepton channel , where the w bosons decay leptonically .  ⁇ n we can reconstruct the top or anti - top mass by using the invariant mass associated to the lepton and b quark coming from the decay of the top or anti - top .  ⁇ n we also study the top anti - top production at hadronic colliders .  ⁇ n we find that the top anti - top production at the lhc is very sensitive to cpt violation .  ⁇ n we also discuss the prospects of detecting cpt violation in the top sector at the ilc . '
b' we review the most important aspects of the interaction between ultracold atoms , above and below the bec temperature , within optical lattices .  ⁇ n we concentrate on those features more directly connected with the long - range interactions within the optical lattice .  ⁇ n we will not , therefore , discuss some exciting investigations on the dynamical tunneling and chaotic behavior for atoms located within an optical periodic potential whose amplitude is periodically or randomly modulated .  ⁇ n moreover we will not discuss the use of optical lattices in quantum computation schemes .  ⁇ n we will not , therefore , discuss some exciting investigations on the dynamical tunneling and chaotic behavior for atoms located within an optical periodic potential whose amplitude is periodically or randomly modulated .  ⁇ n we will not , therefore , discuss the use of optical lattices in quantum computation schemes .  ⁇ n we will not , therefore , discuss the use of optical lattices in quantum computation schemes .  ⁇ n we will not , therefore , discuss some exciting investigations on
b' we study the naively discretized action of a quantum mechanical theory .  ⁇ n we consider a class of theories with a hamiltonian that is the sum of a kinetic term and a potential term that explicitly vanishes in the continuum limit .  ⁇ n we show that the choice of the middle point in the interval @xmath0 $ ] in which to evaluate the potential leads to a hermitean hamiltonian .  ⁇ 
b' the h.e.s.s .  ⁇ n ( high energy stereoscopic system ) instrument is an array of four imaging atmospheric cherenkov telescopes operating in stereoscopic mode .  ⁇ n it is located in namibia , in the khomas highland and has started its operations in 2004 .  ⁇ n the h.e.s.s .  ⁇ n ( high energy stereoscopic system ) collaboration has started to build a fifth , 28-meter - diameter large cherenkov telescope ( lct ) .  ⁇ n the lct will be equipped with a 2048-pixel camera at its focal plane .  ⁇ n the lct will be sensitive to photons in the 100 gev-50 tev energy range .  ⁇ n the lct will be equipped with a 2048-pixel camera at its focal plane .  ⁇ n the lct will be equipped with a 2048-pixel camera at its focal plane .  ⁇ n the lct will be sensitive to photo
b' we present the results of a study of the hard x - ray variability of super - giant x - ray binaries ( sfxt ) .  ⁇ n we have analyzed the available integral data for 12 candidate sfxt with large variability factors and compared them with the classical and absorbed sghmxb systems that have a typical variability factor of @xmath0 .  ⁇ 
b' we study some simple stochastic birth and death processes including delay .  ⁇ n we develop tree different approaches to the analytical study of this kind of non - markovian processes , in the general case of stochastically distributed delay .  ⁇ n we present here several examples , grouped in two categories : delay in the degradation and delay in the creation .  ⁇ 
b' we apply the mapping procedure of @xcite to the mass region @xmath0 , extending the analysis made in @xcite to the neighboring exotic hf and yb isotopes .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a numerical method for stochastic optimal control with respect to a subclass of metric temporal logic specifications .  ⁇ n the optimality of control design is evaluated by the probability of satisfying the given specification .  ⁇ n our solution approach utilizes the markov chain approximation method to generate a discrete abstraction in the form of a approximating the continuous - time stochastic system .  ⁇ n based on a product operation between the discrete abstraction and a finite - state automaton that represents the desirable system property , a near optimal policy with respect to the probability of satisfying the formula in the point - based semantics can be computed by solving an optimal planning problem in the point - based semantics .  ⁇ n we show that as the discretization gets finer in both state space and time space , the optimal control policy in the abstract system converges to the optimal one in the original stochastic system with respect to the probability of satisfying the formula in the continuous or dense - time semantics .  ⁇ n we also show that as the discretization gets finer in
b' we show that the generalized chaplygin gas ( gcg ) is a unified cosmological fluid composed by dark energy and a cold dark matter ( cdm ) with a dynamical mass driven by a scalar field .  ⁇ n the gcg is shown to be a model dependent effective description of a coupled fluid composed by dark energy and a cdm with a dynamical mass driven by the scalar field .  ⁇ n the cosmological evolution of the composed fluid is governed by the same dynamics prescribed by cosmon field equations .  ⁇ n it suggests that the mass varying mechanism embedded into the cosmon-_like _ dynamics reproduces the effective behaviour of the gcg .  ⁇ n in addition , coupling dark matter with dark energy by means of a dynamical mass driven by such a scalar field allows for reproducing the conditions for the present cosmic acceleration and for recovering the stability prescribed by a positive squared speed of sound @xmath0 .  ⁇ n it leads to the conclusion that the
b' the x - ray spectrum of cyg x-1 is well - fit by a power - law with a photon index @
b' we revisit the resource theory framework of thermodynamics , based on the class of allowed operations .  ⁇ n we show that the total amount of work we are able to extract from a system is given by its change in _ free energy _ , which was previously shown to be a relevant quantity for individual quantum systems .  ⁇ n we also show that free energy is a relevant quantity for individual quantum systems .  ⁇ n we also show that for quantum systems in  ⁇  classical ' states , our protocol works on a single copy of the system .  ⁇ n we also show that for non - classical states , where coherences exist , collective actions are necessary , so long as no external sources of coherence are used .  ⁇ n more precisely , we prove that when acting on an individual system the amount of average work that can be extracted is equal to the free energy of its decoherred state .  ⁇ n as more copies are collectively processed , some of this locked free energy is released .  ⁇ n we also show that when acting on an individual system the amount of average work that can
b' i describe how the structural properties of galaxies affect the gasdynamical and star - forming response of interacting systems to an interaction .  ⁇ n i focus first on major mergers and the effects of central bulges , then turn to more subtle  ⁇  flyby '' encounters and the role of disk surface density in driving starburst activity .  ⁇ 
b' we show that the baryons that failed to fall into dark matter halos can form globular clusters ( gcs ) .  ⁇ n the gcs are physically separated from their parent dark matter halos , and they may have evolved into gcs .  ⁇ n we show that , for an interesting range of masses , the spatial offset is larger than the virial radius of the dark matter halo , allowing the baryonic clumps to survive as independent dark matter - free objects .  ⁇ n we suggest that the corresponding gas - poor dark matter halos may be present day dark satellites or ultra - faint galaxies .  ⁇ n we also suggest that the corresponding gas - poor dm halos may be present day dark satellites or ultra - faint galaxies .  ⁇ n if the dm halos are present day dark satellites or ultra - faint galaxies , they may be present day dark satellites or ultra - faint galaxies .  ⁇ n if the dm
b' we have performed first principle computer simulations of a model of parahydrogen in a spherical cavity .  ⁇ n we find that nanoscale confinement can greatly enhance the superfluid response of parahydrogen .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the formation of a bow shock around the planet wasp-12b , assuming that the planet s magnetosphere is compressed ahead of the planetary orbital motion .  ⁇ n we find that the relative azimuthal velocity between the planet s orbital motion and the ambient medium can lead to the formation of a bow shock ahead of the planet .  ⁇ n if the relative azimuthal velocity between the planet s orbital motion and the ambient medium is taken into account , the transit light curve is symmetrical with respect to the ingress and the egress of the planet .  ⁇ n however , if the shocked material ahead of the planet can absorb enough stellar radiation , the observer will note an early ingress of the planet in the stellar disk , but no difference will be seen at the time of egress .  ⁇ 
b' we present a theoretical analysis of the spectrum of ultra - high energy cosmic rays ( cr ) , based on a spatially homogeneous and isotropic emission rate density that reproduces the average source spectrum .  ⁇ n we show that the spectrum of crs can be reproduced by a simple power - law spectrum , with a dip at @xmath0 ev .  ⁇ 
b' we propose that graphene nanoribbons ( gnrs ) with narrow widths and atomically smooth edges can be made semiconducting by partial hydrogenation .  ⁇ n the hydrogenation starts from the edges of gnrs and proceeds gradually toward the middle of the gnrs .  ⁇ n the hydrogenation process can be used to produce gnrs with a width of @xmath0 nm .  ⁇ 
b' we study the evolution trajectories of the rock - paper - scissors game from the perspective of non - equilibrium statistical physics .  ⁇ n we observe the possible existence of persistent cyclic flows in the evolutionary trajectories .  ⁇ n the mean frequency of cycles is about @xmath0 period per experimental round .  ⁇ n this mean value is used to compare our experimental observations with the predictions of a simple non - equilibrium model , the discrete - time logit dynamical process with a noise parameter @xmath1 . '
b' we study the retrieval performance of a large attractor neural network with symmetric connectivity between multi - state q - ising neurons .  ⁇ 
b' we report the discovery of a new ultra - faint star cluster , kim3 , in the constellation of centaurus .  ⁇ 
b' we study a variant of pair contact process with diffusion ( pcpd ) in 1-d .  ⁇ n we find that the model is in directed percolation universality class .  ⁇ 
b' we derive an approximate expression for the nonlinear response of non - interacting classical superparamagnets .  ⁇ n the expression is in good agreement with the exact solution of the fokker  ⁇ n planck equation .  ⁇ n the expression obtained is quite simple and may be used to model experimental data of the nonlinear response .  ⁇ n the determination of the intrinsic dependences of this parameter ( on temperature , pressure , etc . ) could shed some light on the microscopic mechanisms of spin - environment coupling in superparamagnets . '
b' we present an extension of previous electron beam induced current ( ebic ) models to account for the response of the @xmath0-@xmath1 junction depletion region to the presence of a charged surface .  ⁇ n we find analytical expressions and present numerical results for the ebic collection efficiency which include recombination from neutral and charged surfaces .  ⁇ n we also present experimental ebic data on si solar cells prepared by focused ion beam milling .  ⁇ n we find that the fib - prepared sample exhibits a suppressed maximum ebic collection efficiency , and that the behavior is most consistent with the model of ebic response in the presence of a charged surface .  ⁇ n we also present experimental ebic data on si solar cells prepared by focused ion beam milling .  ⁇ n we find that the fib - prepared sample exhibits a suppressed maximum ebic collection efficiency , and that the behavior is most consistent with the model of ebic response in the presence of a charged surface . '
b' we use a model of magnetic accretion to investigate the rotational equilibria of four mcvs .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a survey of ultra - cool dwarfs ( ucds ) in young moving groups .  ⁇ n we focus here on the study of age - sensitive spectroscopic signatures such as gravity sensitive features , h@xmath0 emission and the presence of li i 6708 in a sample of objects previously classified as members of a moving group based on kinematic or astrometric criteria .  ⁇ n we focus here on the study of age - sensitive spectroscopic signatures such as gravity sensitive features , h@xmath0 emission and the presence of li i 6708 in a sample of objects previously classified as members of a moving group based on astrometric or kinematic criteria .  ⁇ n we focus here on the study of age - sensitive spectroscopic signatures such as gravity sensitive features , h@xmath0 emission and the presence of li i 6708 in a sample of objects previously classified as members of a moving group .  ⁇ n we
b' we report on the single - electron transport properties of a semiconductor quantum dot distorted by a coulombic impurity .  ⁇ n the spectrum is reproduced with an appropriate model potential , showing that the unexpected effects in the spectrum result from a negatively charged coulombic impurity located near the quantum dot .  ⁇ n the many - electron properties studied by the spin - density - functional theory reflect the strongly distorted single - electron spectrum .  ⁇ n the variation of the impurity location shows the stability of the maximum - density droplet and the screening of the impurity by electrons .  ⁇ n the variation of the impurity location shows the stability of the maximum - density droplet and the screening of the impurity by electrons . '
b' we investigate the contribution of slow neutron - capture process ( s - process ) and rapid neutron - capture process ( r - process ) to the abundances of germanium in metal - poor stars .  ⁇ n we find that the contribution of s - process to the germanium abundance is about 12% of the total ge abundance in the solar system .  ⁇ n the contribution of s - process to the germanium abundance is about 12% of the total ge abundance in the solar system .  ⁇ n the contribution of s - process to the germanium abundance is about 12% of the total ge abundance in the solar system .  ⁇ n the contribution of s - process to the germanium abundance is about 12% of the total ge abundance in the solar system .  ⁇ n the contribution of s - process to the germanium abundance is about 12% of the total ge abundance in the solar system .  ⁇ n the contribution of s - process to the germanium abundance is about 12% of the total ge abundance in the solar system .  ⁇ n the contribution of s 
b' we present the results of a comprehensive investigation of the application of the particle - hole density matrix renormalization group ( dmrg ) method to the one - orbit pairing plus quadrupole model .  ⁇ n the method is applied to a problem of 10 identical nucleons restricted to move in a single @xmath0 shell .  ⁇ 
b' in this paper , we investigate the secrecy capacity of a two - way relay channel with a single untrusted relay node .  ⁇ n we propose a cooperative jamming scheme for the eavesdropper to improve the secrecy rate .  ⁇ n we show that the secrecy rate can be increased by a factor of @xmath0 compared to the case of a single untrusted relay node .  ⁇ 
b' we study the properties of d - term inflation in supergravity theories .  ⁇ n we show that d - term inflation can be realized in a natural way , in which the fayet - iliopoulos d - terms are compensated by a single complex scalar field at the end of the inflationary era .  ⁇ n we show that the d - term strings formed at the end of hybrid inflation are topologically stable , and that the d - term strings are topologically stable .  ⁇ n we also show that the d - term strings are topologically stable , and that the d - term strings are topologically stable .  ⁇ n we also discuss the implications of the d - term strings in the context of the scalar sector of supergravity . '
b' we use the results of hydrodynamical simulations of the line - driven stellar wind to compute synthetic x - ray light curves .  ⁇ n the wind density and velocity field are calculated from the basic physical principle , namely the acceleration of stellar wind by the line scattering of stellar uv photons .  ⁇ n the time dependent hydrodynamic simulations provide absolute values for the wind density and velocity field as functions of radius and time .  ⁇ n the predicted density and velocity field is used to compute synthetic x - ray light curves .  ⁇ n the variability of accretion rate is much larger than even stronger variability observed in high - mass x - ray binaries ( hmxbs ) .  ⁇ n we conclude that simple bondi - hoyle accretion with clumped winds is not a sufficient explanation of variations in wind - accreting x - ray binaries . '
b' we derive the nucleus - electron interaction responsible for atomic dipole moments and the schiff operator , a quantity that reflects the mean - square radius of the nuclear dipole distribution .  ⁇ n we show that the schiff operator is not a dipole operator , but rather a schiff operator , which reflects the mean - square radius of the nuclear dipole distribution .  ⁇ n we also show that the schiff operator is not a dipole operator , and that the goldhaber - teller model does not produce a schiff strength in the giant dipole resonance .  ⁇ n we also discuss the role of octupole correlations in generating ground - state schiff moments .  ⁇ n we argue that the collective schiff moments do not depend on the delicate and sometimes unanswerable question of whether a nucleus is octupole deformed .  ⁇ n low - lying octupole vibrations generate them in the same way as static octupole deformation , raising the number of atoms in which one can
b' we derive the fundamental plane ( fp ) of early - type galaxies ( etgs ) from the r- and k - band data of the sloan digital sky survey ( sdss ) and the ukirt infrared deep sky survey ( ukidss ) .  ⁇ n we find that the fp is wavelength independent from the @xmath0 band , indicating that the fp is wavelength independent from the @xmath1 to the @xmath2 band .  ⁇ n we also find that the fp is wavelength independent from the @xmath1 to the @xmath2 band , indicating that the fp is wavelength independent .  ⁇ n we also find that the fp is wavelength independent from the @xmath1 to the @xmath2 band , indicating that the fp is wavelength independent .  ⁇ n we also find that the fp is wavelength independent , indicating that the fp is a consequence of a variation of the
b' we present a detailed analysis of the transit timing variations ( ttvs ) of a sample of _ kepler _ hot jupiters .  ⁇ n we find that ttvs are a powerful tool to determine the masses of the companions .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new implementation of the dynamical mean field theory ( dmft ) for applications to realistic materials with complicated multiplet structure , including hubbard @xmath0 , hund s coupling and spin - orbit coupling .  ⁇ n the new method is implemented in a continuous time quantum monte carlo scheme .  ⁇ n the dmft is applied to the hubbard model and the t - j model .  ⁇ n the kondo volume collapse transition in elemental cerium is reexamined showing the valence histogram of the alpha and gamma phases of the material .  ⁇ n the valence histogram of the alpha and gamma phases of the material is reexamined showing the valence histogram of the alpha and gamma phases .  ⁇ n the kondo volume collapse transition in elemental cerium is reexamined showing the valence histogram of the alpha and gamma phases of the material . '
b' the impact of modern ideas concerning energy and the constitution of matter on the textbooks of 19th - century spain is analyzed .  ⁇ 
b' we present high resolution x - ray and co observations of the galactic supernova remnant ctb 109 .  ⁇ 
b' we study the indirect detection of dark matter ( dm ) through observing neutrinos produced by dm annihilations or decays in the galactic halo .  ⁇ n the icecube data from all 86 strings analyzed set the 90% c.l .  ⁇ n upper limit on dm annihilation cross section @xmath0 tev .  ⁇ n the icecube upper limit on @xmath1 annihilation cross section is @xmath2 tev .  ⁇ n the icecube upper limit on @xmath3 annihilation cross section is @xmath3 tev .  ⁇ n the icecube upper limit on @xmath1 annihilation cross section is @xmath3 tev .  ⁇ n the icecube upper limit on @xmath1 annihilation cross section is @xmath3 tev .  ⁇ n the icecube upper limit on @xmath1 
b' we present a mathematical model for describing the behaviour of a ship in a finite depth channel .  ⁇ 
b' astrophysical systems , such as masers , require energy levels to be populated in ways not possible under the conditions of thermodynamic equilibrium .  ⁇ 
b' we study the behavior of discrete - space chemical reaction networks , focusing on the case when the number of reactant species is low .  ⁇ n we show that a network with a discrete state space may exhibit an extinction event , where no other reaction may occur .  ⁇ n we also show that a network with a discrete state space may exhibit an extinction event if the number of reactant species is high .  ⁇ n our results are based on a network - based approach to determining when discrete - space chemical reaction systems may exhibit an extinction event . ' mississippi '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '
b' we present a model of multiparticle production in @xmath0 collisions based on a geometric scaling multiple jet production model .  ⁇ n the model is based on the heavy ion jet interacting generator ( hijing ) and the pythia generator .  ⁇ n the model includes both longitudinal field induced _ soft _ beam jet multiparticle production and collinear factorized pqcd based _ hard _ multiple jet production for @
b' we study the geometric representation of a coxeter system .  ⁇ n we give a complete description of the geometric representation of the coxeter system .  ⁇ n we also provide a complete description of the geometric representation of the coxeter complex of a weyl groupoid .  ⁇ n we also provide a complete description of the geometric representation of the coxeter complex of a weyl groupoid . '
b' we study the josephson effect in a josephson junction consisting of a superconductor and a magnetic insulator .  ⁇ n we consider the josephson junctions with the superconducting and magnetic order parameters coexisting in a certain interval of the temperature and doping level @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we show that the josephson effect is characterized by the occurrence of a spin - density wave ( sdw ) , a normal state with the superconducting order parameter @xmath1 and a spin - density wave ( sdw ) .  ⁇ 
b' we construct brane defects that are defined by a nontrivial mapping of the brane positions in extra dimensions .  ⁇ n we show that the topological defects of the brane defects are not singular in the core .  ⁇ n we also discuss the cosmological evolution of the brane defects . '
b' we study the impact of the sm - like goldstone higgs doublet on the extraction of the top yukawa coupling @xmath0 from the lhc data .  ⁇ n we show that the sm - like goldstone higgs doublet can be a good candidate for the top yukawa coupling , and that the sm - like goldstone higgs doublet can be a good candidate for the top yukawa coupling .  ⁇ n we also discuss the impact of the sm - like goldstone higgs doublet on the extraction of @xmath1 .  ⁇ n we find that the sm - like goldstone higgs doublet can not be a good candidate for the top yukawa coupling , and that the sm - like goldstone higgs doublet can not be a good candidate for the top yukawa coupling .  ⁇ n we also discuss the impact of the sm - like goldstone higgs doublet on the extraction of @xmat
b' the sk - iii experiment has been upgraded to a new detector , sk - iii , which has been able to reduce the background below 5.5 mev and half the energy - correlated systematic uncertainty compared to sk - ii .  ⁇ 
b' we report the x - ray detection of two of the most distant galaxy clusters in the _ spitzer_/irac shallow cluster survey ( iscs ) .  ⁇ n iscs j1438.1 + 3414 at @xmath0 is the most distant cluster to be spectroscopically confirmed in the iscs .  ⁇ n we present spectroscopic observations and dynamical properties of these clusters , and estimate total cluster masses .  ⁇ n we find that the x - ray luminosity function of iscs j1432.4 + 3250 is @xmath1 , and that the x - ray luminosity function of iscs j1432.4 + 3250 is @xmath2 .  ⁇ n we also find that the x - ray luminosity function of iscs j1432.4 + 3250 is @xmath3 , and that the x - ray luminosity function of iscs j1432.4 + 3250 is @xmath4 .  ⁇ 
b' we present an experimental test for the spontaneous emission of electromagnetic radiation by free electrons , as a consequence of their interaction with the stochastic field .  ⁇ n the igex collaboration has measured the x - ray emission spectrum of the igex detector .  ⁇ n we improve the previous limit on the mean collapse frequency by a factor about 4 .  ⁇ n we also present some ideas to perform in the near future a dedicated measurement and to gain more than one order of magnitude in the limit of the mean collapse frequency . '
b' a semiclassical description of the quantum dynamics of a weakly bound rydberg electron excited by a half - cycle pulse is developed .  ⁇ n the approach is nonperturbative and it is applicable to arbitrary spatial and temporal half - cycle pulse shapes .  ⁇ n it quantitatively connects the quantum evolution of the rydberg electron to its underlying classical dynamics .  ⁇ n the angular distributions of ionization probabilities are represented as coherent sums of probability amplitudes associated with corresponding classical trajectories of the rydberg electron .  ⁇ n the influence of finite pulse durations on the angular distributions of ionization probabilities is investigated .  ⁇ n it is shown that angular distributions of ionization probabilities contain a wealth of information about the ionization dynamics of the rydberg electron which can not be obtained from energy - resolved ionization spectra alone .  ⁇ n the study of the influence of finite pulse durations indicates that some parts of these oscillatory structures depend strongly
b' we present a sample of 70 qsos with redshifts between @xmath0 and total absolute magnitudes brighter than @xmath1 .  ⁇ n the qsos are selected from the _ hubble space telescope _ s wide - field planetary camera 2 .  ⁇ n we perform a principal components analysis ( pca ) on the qsos , and find that 96.1% of the variance can be explained with just the first two principal axes , and therefore the qsos mostly lie in a plane within this parameter space .  ⁇ n this we consider to be a fundamental plane ( fp ) for qsos .  ⁇ n the individual subsamples of qsos ( radio - loud or radio - quiet , with spiral or elliptical hosts , and all combinations of these ) are also examined in this way .  ⁇ n the fundamental plane for qsos shows a relationship between the nuclear and host features that goes beyond the simple ( and weak 
b' we investigate the dependence of the @xmath0 opacity due to the broad line region ( blr ) radiation field on the location of the blr .  ⁇ n we find that the blr radiation field of the flat spectrum radio quasars 3c279 and pk
b' we present a new method to determine the rest - frame radio luminosity of agn , based on the spectral analysis of a sample of agn , based on the sloan digital sky survey ( sdss ) .  ⁇ n the method is based on the spectral analysis of a sample of agn , based on the sdss sdss sdss sdss sdss sdss sdss sdss sdss sdss sdss sdss sdss sdss sdss sdss sdss sdss sdss sdss sdss sdss sdss sdss sdss sdss sdss sdss sdss sdss sdss 
b' i argue that the most widely tested cosmological model , based on the assumption of an isotropic homogeneous geometry , is dominated by a mysterious form of dark energy .  ⁇ n this model is based on a universal _ finite infinity _ scale determined by primordial inflation .  ⁇ n the model is a re  ⁇ n evaluation of cosmological measurements on the basis of a universal _ finite infinity _ scale determined by primordial inflation .  ⁇ n the model is able to pass key observational tests , potentially resolve anomalies , and make new quantitative predictions . '
b' this article presents a bayesian approach to inferring the causal impact of a market intervention , such as a new product launch or the onset of an advertising campaign .  ⁇ n our method generalises the widely used difference - in - differences approach to the time - series setting by explicitly modelling the counterfactual of a time series observed both before and after the intervention .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new method to search for magnetic monopoles in the icecube detector .  ⁇ n we use a modified version of the icecube detector , which is based on the resonant - mode - based resonant - mode - based resonant - mode - based resonant - mode - based resonant - mode - based resonant - mode - based resonant - mode - based resonant - mode - based resonant - mode - based resonant - mode - based resonant - mode - based resonant - mode - based resonant - mode - based resonant - mode - based resonant - mode - based resonant - mode - based resonant - mode - based resonant - mode - based resonant 
b' we present a toy model of heat transport between two thermal baths at different temperatures .  ⁇ n the model consists in a one - dimensional diffusive system with a time - dependent profile .  ⁇ n the probability of having certain configuration at the end of a large deviation event and for intermediate times is calculated .  ⁇ n the probability of having a certain configuration at the end of a large deviation event and for intermediate times is calculated .  ⁇ n the probability of having certain configuration at the end of a large deviation event is calculated .  ⁇ n the finite - size corrections to the direct evaluation of large deviation functions are analyzed .  ⁇ n this analysis provides a deep understanding of the range of validity of this simulation method , which otherwise can be determined using the gallavotti - cohen fluctuation theorem . '
b' we investigate the evolution of c / o white dwarfs with a mass of m@xmath0 .  ⁇ n we show that the evolution of a c / o white dwarf with a helium - rich core is a very simple and simple model .  ⁇ 
b' we construct a broad class of static bps domain wall solutions in effective d=4 , n=1 supergravity .  ⁇ n the solutions may interpolate between various vacua with unbroken supersymmetry .  ⁇ n we show that the bps domain wall tension is determined by the integrand of the gravitational action .  ⁇ n we also present the bps domain wall gradient flow equations in the form of rg flows .  ⁇ n we give examples of bps domain walls where the potential has more than one critical point but there is no barrier between them .  ⁇ n our examples include an ads minimum and an asymptotically minkowski vacuum .  ⁇ n we also study a class of models in stringy landscape with a barrier between critical points .  ⁇ n we show that the boundary between the vacua is a _  ⁇ n  ⁇ n _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
b' we present a new method to study the electronic structure of materials characterized by a small amount of contributing material .  ⁇ n the method is based on resonant soft x - ray scattering ( rsxs ) , which provides a highly sensitive probe for the ordering of spins , charges , and orbitals in complex materials .  ⁇ n the rsxs sensitivity is achieved by merging diffraction and x - ray absorption spectroscopy ( xas ) into a single experiment , where the scattering part provides the information of spatial modulations and the xas part provides the sensitivity to the electronic structure .  ⁇ n this unique sensitivity is achieved by merging rsxs and xas into a single experiment , where the scattering part provides the information of spatial modulations and the xas part provides the sensitivity to the electronic structure .  ⁇ n moreover , since the virtual transitions from core levels to unoccupied states close to the fermi level are related to specific core level excitations
b' we present a method for reducing a general quadratic theory of gravitation to a canonical second - order form .  ⁇ n the theory is a generalization of einstein s gravity , where the gravitational equations of motion are higher than second order .  ⁇ n we show that the reduced action is classically equivalent to einstein s gravity coupled to a massive real scalar field and a massive symmetric tensor field describing a spin - two field .  ⁇ n the elementary excitations of the reduced theory are a massive scalar field and a massive ghost - like spin - two field .  ⁇ n the vacuum structure of the reduced theory is comparatively simple .  ⁇ n the only stable vacuum is flat space with zero vacuum expectation value for both of the auxiliary fields .  ⁇ n the elementary excitations were a massive scalar field and a massive ghost - like spin - two field .  ⁇ n the elementary excitations were a massive scalar field and a massive ghost - like spin
b' we study thermodynamics of strange quark matter .  ⁇ n we use legendre s invariant metric to describe the geometry of gluons .  ⁇ n we study the riemannian geometry of gluons , bosons and fermions .  ⁇ n we find the critical points of these systems . '
b' we study the instability of the fermi surface in the large @xmath0 limit of qcd at finite density .  ⁇ n we find that the instability is suppressed at large @xmath0 , if the number of colors @xmath0 is larger than some minimum value , which grows with the chemical potential .  ⁇ n this is surprising , since even for moderate values of @xmath1 , the minimum value is very large .  ⁇ 
b' we examine the statistics of gravitational lensing by non - circular potentials .  ⁇ 
b' we present numerical simulations of the integrated soft x - ray and extreme ultraviolet emission determined from observations of 26 solar active regions .  ⁇ n we use the inferred field line geometry to determine the hydrostatic loop equations based on volumetric heating functions of the form @xmath0 with both @xmath1 and @xmath2 in the range 02 .  ⁇ n we use the computed density and temperature structure for each field line to determine the expected response in eit and sxt .  ⁇ n we then compare the relationship between the integrated intensity and the total unsigned magnetic flux determined from the simulations with that seen in the observations .  ⁇ n our comparisons show that volumetric heating rates that scale as @xmath3 are the most consistent with the observations .  ⁇ n the simulated flux - luminosity relationship is particularly sensitive to @xmath4 , the exponent on the magnetic field .  ⁇ n our simulations with @xmath5 in the range 12 , however , show that the simulated moss emission is generally too bright .  ⁇ 
b' we study the shear banding of a two dimensional foam by injecting air into a monodisperse background flow .  ⁇ n the injected air produces three bands of background flow surrounding a central band .  ⁇ n the shear bands are maintained by topological rearrangements at band interfaces .  ⁇ n we reproduced the shear bands over a range of experimental parameters such as background flow rate , air injection rate and foam thickness .  ⁇ n simple geometric analysis reveals that the experimental parameters are insufficient to predict the relative size of the shear band .  ⁇ n we hypothesize that the size emerges spontaneously to minimize drag dissipation in the system .  ⁇ n furthermore , we obtain an estimate of the ratio of film - glass drag to film - film drag : @xmath0 . '
b' this presentation is a cartoon of the effective field theory of two and three nucleon systems as it emerged in the last three years .  ⁇ n i concentrate mainly on the theory in which pions are integrated out as explicit degrees of freedom , but also comment on the extensions to include pions .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of computation of the ion production rate and corresponding ionization effect in the atmosphere during the halloween sequence of ground level enhancements ( gles ) on october - november 2003 .  ⁇ n the calculations are based on the planetocosmics code assuming realistic atmospheric model nrlmsise2000 .  ⁇ 
b' we show that quantum mechanics provides a mechanism by which physics disallows inconsistent loops and ensures self consistency .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the role of magnetic anisotropy on the thermodynamic properties of a low - dimensional band ferromagnet in the @xmath0-@xmath1 hubbard model .  ⁇ n we employ the inverse - degeneracy expansion scheme to systematically incorporate correlation effects within an approach in which spin - rotational symmetry and goldstone mode are explicitly preserved order by order .  ⁇ n we find that the long - wavelength , low - energy magnetic fluctuations consistent with the continuous spin - rotational symmetry are found to be consistent with the mermin - wagner theorem , and that the temperature dependence of the spontaneous magnetization is well described by bloch s law .  ⁇ n the temperature dependence of the spontaneous magnetization is found to be well described by the mermin - wagner theorem , and the temperature dependence of the spin - wave parameter is found to be well described by bloch s law .  ⁇ n the temperature dependence of the spin - wave parameter is also found to be well described by the mermin -
b' we present optical spectroscopy and photometry for a complete sample of 68 sub - mjy ( @xmath0 mjy ) radio sources .  ⁇ 
b' we present a hybrid device , based on a nonlinear waveguide on lithium niobate and a femtosecond laser - direct - written waveguide on glass , for the generation of deterministic two - photon states at a telecom wavelength .  ⁇ n the device consists of three building blocks , all formed from single - mode waveguides at their respective operation wavelengths .  ⁇ n the latter can be decomposed into three building blocks , all formed from single - mode waveguides at their respective operation wavelengths .  ⁇ n the latter can be decomposed into three building blocks , all formed from single - mode waveguides at their respective operation wavelengths .  ⁇ n the latter can be decomposed into three building blocks , all formed from single - mode waveguides at their respective operation wavelengths .  ⁇ n the latter can be decomposed into three building blocks , all formed from single - mode waveguides at their respective operation wavelengths .  ⁇ 
b' we study a naked singularity of a particular type , dubbed the _  ⁇ n repulson_. a variety of brane configurations in string theory appear to give rise to such a singularity .  ⁇ n we argue that this is not the case .  ⁇ n instead , as the name might suggest , the constituent branes effectively repel one another ( in spite of supersymmetry ) , forming in the end a nonsingular shell .  ⁇ n we do not precisely find such a duality , in the sense of being able to use supergravity to calculate properties of the strongly coupled gauge theory , but we find a striking parallel between the moduli space of the large-@xmath0 seiberg witten theory and the fate that we have deduced for the singularity .  ⁇ n we also find some clues which allow us to guess at aspects of a possible dual .  ⁇ n we also develop two of the dual versions , in terms of bent ns5-branes , and wrapped / fractional d - branes
b' we study the fano - anderson effect in a one dimensional tight binding lattice with side - coupled quantum dots .  ⁇ n we show that , under certain special conditions , the entire energy spectrum of the system turns out to have absolutely continuous subbands of energy .  ⁇ n this is something that is not expected in any conventional localization scheme , such as the anderson localization , where the single particle states get localized in a disordered array of potentials irrespective of the numerical values of the parameters of the hamiltonian .  ⁇ n our results therefore present a strong case of a violation of this _ universality _ of anderson localization . '
b' we study the dual superconducting phase of su(2 ) su(2 ) gauge theory on a four dimensional lattice .  ⁇ 
"b"" we present a general tension - reduction model for the description of the statistics of sequential measurements .  ⁇ n the model is able to explain the difficulties of the hilbert space formalism in the simultaneous modeling of question order effects and response replicability .  ⁇ n we also provide an overview of the  ⁇  no - go theorems ' that hilbert space imposes to the quantum representation of certain classes of psychological measurements .  ⁇ n we provide an overview of the  ⁇  no - go theorems ' that hilbert space imposes to the quantum representation of certain classes of psychological measurements .  ⁇ n we also provide an overview of the  ⁇  no - go theorems ' that hilbert space imposes to the quantum representation of certain classes of psychological measurements .  ⁇ n we also provide an overview of the  ⁇  no - go theorems ' that hilbert space imposes to the quantum representation of certain classes of psychological measurements . """
b' we have studied the ground and excited state properties of various nuclei by using a recursive self - consistent hartree - fock plus random phase approximation procedure .  ⁇ n we have identified observables particularly sensitive to the tensor force .  ⁇ n we have identified these observables with the energies of the 0@xmath0 charge conserving excitations .  ⁇ 
b' we present high - cadence _ kepler _ observations of the transiting exoplanet kic12557548 .  ⁇ n the transits were observed in the @xmath0 , @xmath1 , @xmath2 and @xmath3 bands , and the @xmath4 and @xmath5 bands .  ⁇ 
b' we study the effect of gravitational lensing of the cosmic microwave background ( cmb ) by the largest structure in the sky , our own galaxy .  ⁇ n we use a ray - tracing algorithm to track photon trajectories in models of the galaxy s mass distribution , and show that lensing mixes the dipole signal with higher - order spherical harmonic modes of the cmb fluctuations in the plane of the sky .  ⁇ n we also show that the dipole signal is correlated with higher - order spherical harmonic modes .  ⁇ n we discuss our results in the context of experimental measurements of the cmb . '
b' we study the local density of states ( ldos ) of a quarter - filled mott insulator in the presence of a strong impurity potential .  ⁇ n the spectral function consists of massless spin excitations ( spinons ) carrying spin @xmath0 but no charge and massive charge excitations ( solitons and antisolitons ) carrying charge @xmath1 but no spin .  ⁇ n the impurity is modeled by a boundary for the collective excitations .  ⁇ n we show that the ldos exhibits a featureless scattering continuum of at least three excitations .  ⁇ n this is consistent with experimental results from angle - resolved photoelectron spectroscopy on bechgaard salts . '
b' we report 2ppe results for nio(001 ) ultrathin films on ag(001 ) .  ⁇ n for 2 , 3 , and 4 ml , long - living unoccupied features are observed near the vacuum level .  ⁇ n they are characterized as image potential states . for well - ordered nio films of different thicknesses ,  ⁇ n the dynamics of the image potential states directly reflect the coupling to unoccupied nio thin film states .  ⁇ n the knowledge about image potential states can be extended to the region in between highly polarizable metal surfaces and insulating adlayers . '
b' we present photometry of the central star of @xmath0 car obtained with the hubble space telescope ( hst ) .  ⁇ n the star has been observed many times since 1998 , especially during the most recent spectroscopic event .  ⁇ n we also report surprising variations in the star s h@xmath1 emission brightness accompanied by measurements of the nearby continuum in the stis slit - spectroscopy data .  ⁇ n we supplement the stis data with hst s advanced camera for surveys ( acs ) .  ⁇ n these data probably represent most of the photometry that will ever be obtained with the hst . '
b' we study the stability of two - dimensional , hydromagnetic equilibria describing the structure of the magnetically confined mountain of material accreted at the magnetic poles of a neutron star .  ⁇ n the mountain is confined by magnetic stresses near the equator , where the field is compressed .  ⁇ n we use zeus-3d , a multi - purpose time - dependent ideal - magnetohydrodynamic code for astrophysical fluid dynamics , to study the stability of the equilibria .  ⁇ n we find that the grad - shafranov solution is stable up to @
b' we present a real - time quantum chemistry framework that allows for the interactive exploration of molecular structures .  ⁇ n we present two schemes to accelerate self - consistent - field ( scf ) optimizations .  ⁇ 
b' we study the effect of a finite isospin chemical potential on the phase diagram of qcd at finite density .  ⁇ n we find that the first order transition line ending at the tricritical point splits in two first order transition lines and correspondingly two crossover regions are present at low values of the baryon chemical potential .  ⁇ n we also find that the coupling induced by the instanton interaction between the three flavors might wash out the splitting of the first order transition line .  ⁇ n we also find that the tricritical point is not present in the case of the njl model .  ⁇ n we also find that the tricritical point is not present in the case of the ladder - qcd model .  ⁇ n pacs numbers : 11.30.rd , 12.38.bx , 12.38.bx '
b' we introduce a hamiltonian constraint based on the loop derivative .  ⁇ n we show that the hamiltonian constraint of canonical quantum gravity is consistent with the commutator algebra of diffeomorphisms and hamiltonian .  ⁇ n we also show that the hamiltonian constraint of canonical quantum gravity is consistent with the commutator algebra of diffeomorphisms . '
b' we study the effect of local amplitude damping channel ( ladc ) on the generalized greenberger - horne - zeilinger ( gghz ) state .  ⁇ n we use a multipartite generalization of the mayer - wallach measure and a multipartite extension of logarithmic negativity to characterize the mixed state multipartite quantum correlations .  ⁇ n we then apply a multipartite generalization of the mayer - wallach measure to characterize the mixed state multipartite quantum correlations .  ⁇ n we find that the mayer - wallach measure is a useful tool to characterize the mixed state multipartite quantum correlations .  ⁇ n we also show that the mayer - wallach measure is a useful tool to characterize the mixed state multipartite quantum correlations . '
b' the thermal conductivity of normal metals is calculated within the boltzmann equation formalism .  ⁇ n the thermal conductivity is calculated in the framework of the ziman variational approach .  ⁇ n the results are compared with the experimental data .  ⁇ n the results are compared with the wiedemann franz law .  ⁇ n the results are compared with the experimental data .  ⁇ n the validity of the wiedemann franz law is also discussed . '
b' we study the andreev - type transport through the double quantum dot nanostructure coupled between the normal and superconducting leads .  ⁇ n we focus on the subgap regime , i.e. energies considerably smaller than the pairing gap of superconductor .  ⁇ n we analyze in detail the interference patterns originating from a charge leakage between the central quantum dot and another side - attached one .  ⁇ 
b' we show that the output statistics of three different detection schemes in quantum optics are identical .  ⁇ n they are the heterodyne , the eight - port homodyne and the recently introduced six - port homodyne detectors .  ⁇ n we show that the equivalence of these three schemes is guaranteed by demonstrating that their output photocurrents have the same operatorial form .  ⁇ n this is also true when taking into account the inefficiency of photodetection , even though the latter occurs at very different stages in the considered detection schemes . '
b' we present a detailed study of the ground state energy of a three - electron quantum dot in zero magnetic field .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of the _ chandra _ x - ray observations of the galactic center region .  ⁇ n the x - ray spectrum of 1e 1740.7@xmath02942 is well described by a power - law model with a temperature of @xmath1 kev .  ⁇ n the x - ray spectrum of 1e 1740.7@xmath02942 is well described by a power - law model with a temperature of @xmath2 kev .  ⁇ n the x - ray spectrum of 1e 1740.7@xmath02942 is well described by a power - law model with a temperature of @xmath3 kev .  ⁇ n the x - ray spectrum of 1e 1740.7@xmath02942 is well described by a power - law model with a temperature of @xmath4 kev .  ⁇ n the x - ray spectrum of 1e 1740.7@xmath0294
b' we present a study of the phase diagram of high temperature qcd with three flavors of quarks .  ⁇ n we have performed simulations with improved gauge and quark actions .  ⁇ n we have studied standard thermodynamic quantities such as the plaquette , the polyakov loop , the chiral order parameter and its susceptibility .  ⁇ n we find rapid crossovers , which sharpen as the quark mass is reduced , rather than a _ bona fide _ phase transition .  ⁇ n we have also measured the quark number susceptibilities , which provide excellent signals for the crossover , and which are directly related to event - by - event fluctuations in heavy ion collisions .  ⁇ n our results for these susceptibilities are quite close to their continuum values .  ⁇ n we have also measured the quark number susceptibilities , which provide excellent signals for the crossover , and which are directly related to event - by - event fluctuations in heavy ion collisions .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the formation of active circular depressions ( pits ) on the surface of comet 67p / churyumov - gerasimenko ( 67p ) .  ⁇ n we use a thermal evolution model which includes various phase transitions , heat transfer in the ice - dust matrix , and gas diffusion throughout the porous material .  ⁇ 
b' we present a high - resolution , absolutely calibrated mass map of the cluster of galaxies .  ⁇ n we use acs / wfc images to reconstruct the gravitational lensing data , and to reconstruct the mass distribution of the cluster .  ⁇ 
b' we study the spectral properties of the longitudinal gluon in a two - flavor color superconductor .  ⁇ n we show that the nambu - goldstone bosons corresponding to the five broken generators of @xmath0 are _  ⁇ n a priori _ _  ⁇ n _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
b' we show how it is possible to actively control decoherence in a system of trapped ions by using appropriately shaped time - varying control fields .  ⁇ n the method is applied to the case of a damped harmonic oscillator .  ⁇ n it is shown that decoherence is completely frozen in the limit of infinitely frequent parity kicks .  ⁇ n the numerical results corresponding to this case show that a considerable decoherence suppression is obtained when the parity kicks repetition rate becomes comparable to the typical timescale of the environment .  ⁇ n the possibility of applying this scheme to the decoherence of the center - of - mass motion in ion traps is discussed . '
b' we investigate the burrows - wheeler transform ( bwt ) , a widely used preprocessing technique in lossless data compression .  ⁇ n it maps a word of length @xmath0 to a word of length @xmath0 and an index ( comprising @xmath1 bits ) .  ⁇ n we discuss bijective versions of the bwt which are one - to - one correspondences between words of length @xmath0 .  ⁇ n in particular , no index and no end - of - string symbol is needed .  ⁇ n we also discuss the bijective sort transform ( st ) , which is also known as the schindler transform .  ⁇ n we give an alternative description , a proof of its correctness , and more importantly , draw connections between scott s algorithm and other results in combinatorics on words .  ⁇ n further , this variation of the bwt is used to introduce techniques which are employed at the bijective sort transform .  ⁇ n further 
b' we study the impact of renewable energy on the amount of heat loss in a power network .  ⁇ n we assume that the network structure is modeled as a dc network , and assume that the input flows are modeled as ornstein - uhlenbeck processes .  ⁇ n we derive an explicit expression for the expected total heat loss that gives insight in how the optimal location of such a battery depends on the network properties as well as on the mean and variance of the external currents .  ⁇ n we then investigate a control problem in which we allow batteries to share the load dynamically , subject to a constraint which makes sure that the load does not oscillate from one battery to the other .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a variational wave function for the ground state of the magnetic hf compounds , in which the local f - orbital wave function exists in the mixed states ( a linear combination of the full local moment state and the fully compensated state ) .  ⁇ n this mixed moment state is phenomenologically accepted , and it can immediately provide explanations for the most puzzling questions of magnetic hf compounds : small uncompensated local moment , the coexistence of the antiferromagnetic ( afm ) and the magnetic long range order ( pm domain ) , and as the most interesting possibility , the local quantum criticality coinciding with the magnetic criticality and its relation with the fermi surface fluctuations . '
b' we present a new conditional autoregressive ( lcar ) prior for modelling residual spatial correlation in a geographical association study .  ⁇ n the lcar prior allows random effects in geographically adjacent areas to be correlated or conditionally independent .  ⁇ 
b' the spin-1/2 @xmath0 model describes a uniform nearest - neighbor exchange coupling with uniaxial anisotropies .  ⁇ n the @xmath1 model , the @xmath2 model , and the ising model are important special cases .  ⁇ n the @xmath0 model is a powerful tool for understanding the quasiparticle composition of the @xmath0 spectrum .  ⁇ 
b' we study the effects of a strong laser pulse on the generation of relativistic electrons .  ⁇ n we focus on the regime in which a relativistically intense laser pulse irradiates a sub - critical plasma .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new expression for the transport of angular momentum in shearing magnetohydrodynamic ( mhd ) boxes .  ⁇ n this expression is based on a series of local numerical simulations carried out by @xcite .  ⁇ 
b' we study the nucleation of strange stars , assuming absolutely stable strange quark matter .  ⁇ n we consider both hybrid stars and strange stars , where strange matter is formed only in the central regions due to the high pressure .  ⁇ 
b' we have constructed a canonical approach to discretization of general relativity .  ⁇ n the basic idea is that one does not construct a legendre transform and a hamiltonian starting from the discretized lagrangian picture .  ⁇ n what plays the role of a hamiltonian is a canonical transformation that implements the finite time evolution from discrete instant to discrete instant .  ⁇ n the canonical transformation is generated by the lagrangian viewed as a type i canonical transformation generating functional .  ⁇ n the canonical transformation is generated by the lagrangian viewed as a type i canonical transformation generating functional .  ⁇ n the canonical transformation is generated by the lagrangian viewed as a type i canonical transformation generating functional .  ⁇ n the canonical transformation is generated by the lagrangian viewed as a type i canonical transformation generating functional .  ⁇ n the canonical transformation is generated by the lagrangian viewed as a type i canonical transformation generating
b' the probability distribution of the number of electron - positron pairs produced in a uniform static electric field is calculated .  ⁇ n the probability generating function is used to calculate the probability distribution .  ⁇ n the continuum limit approximation is restricted by weak electric fields .  ⁇ n the analytic properties of the probability generating function are violated and the cumulative probability is divergent .  ⁇ n the summation over discrete modes restores both the analyticity of the probability generating function and the convergence of the series .  ⁇ n the continuum limit approximation also leads to a breakdown of the positive definiteness of the probability in the tail of the distribution .  ⁇ n the main features of the asymptotic behavior of the probability distribution are illustrated with numerical examples .  ⁇ n pacs numbers : 03.65.ta , 03.65.ta , 03.65.sq , 03.65.sq '
b' recent results suggest that the starburst - agn connection is a consequence of the dissipative gaseous processes associated with spheroid formation .  ⁇ n the presence of circumnuclear starbursts in an increasing number of local agns also suggests a connection between the starburst and agn phenomena .  ⁇ n this possible starburst - agn connection has direct bearings on our understanding of the early universe .  ⁇ n a large contribution from unsuspected ( hidden ) agns would complicate the deduction of the star formation history of the universe from galaxy luminosity functions .  ⁇ n a large contribution from unsuspected ( hidden ) agns would complicate the deduction of the star formation history of the universe from galaxy luminosity functions .  ⁇ n a large contribution from unsuspected ( hidden ) agns would complicate the deduction of the star formation history of the universe from galaxy luminosity functions .  ⁇ n a large contribution from uns
b' we consider the temperature dependence of resistivity due to scattering of conducting electrons by domain wall fluctuations in broadened metamagnetic first order phase transition .  ⁇ n we find transition from quadratic to linear temperature dependence with increasing temperature .  ⁇ n while this temperature dependence coincides with that due to the volume spin - fluctuations , it starts at much lower temperature .  ⁇ n we also discuss the interaction correction to conductivity at small temperatures . '
b' we present a new technique for the detection of gravitational waves in the 0.1 to 1 khz frequency band based on piezoelectric quartz bulk acoustic wave resonators .  ⁇ n the resonant mass detector is based on piezoelectric quartz bulk acoustic wave resonators .  ⁇ n the resonant mass is a factor of @
b' we study the dynamics of group formation in a simple model of social networks .  ⁇ 
b' we present deep _ hubble space telescope _ ( hst ) photometry of six isolated dwarf galaxies in the local group : ic 1613 , leo a , cetus , tucana , and phoenix .  ⁇ n five galaxies were observed with the advanced camera for surveys ( acs ) , while phoenix was observed with the wide field and planetary camera-2 ( wfpc2 ) .  ⁇ n we have obtained deep color - magnitude diagrams ( cmds ) , reaching the oldest main sequence turn - off points , of these galaxies .  ⁇ n we have derived star formation histories ( sfhs ) , age - metallicity relations ( amrs ) , variable star populations , and stellar population gradients of these galaxies .  ⁇ n we find that the sfhs of the dirrs are consistent with nearly constant star formation over their lifetimes , as opposed to the larger spirals which showed declining star
b' we present a new asteroid - based impact hazard assessment .  ⁇ n 1950 da is a near earth asteroid that experiences a close approach to an earth .  ⁇ 
b' we consider a random geometric graph ( rgg ) in which nodes are created by a unit intensity poisson process in a three - dimensional euclidean volume and connected according to a function of birth time and spatial proximity .  ⁇ 
b' a very - high energy ( vhe , @xmath0100 gev ) gamma - ray source with a significant off - set of 3.5 degrees from the galactic plane has been discovered recently .  ⁇ n this source is located at a distance of about one kpc from the galactic plane .  ⁇ n the nature of this source is still unknown .  ⁇ n a hadronic model involving interactions between high - energy protons with the ambient inter - stellar medium is adopted to investigate the influence of a location at low density environments on the properties of such sources .  ⁇ n the gamma - ray luminosity in this picture depends on the density of target material which is monotonically decreasing with increasing distance from the galactic plane .  ⁇ n the gamma - ray luminosity in this picture depends on the density of target material which is monotonically decreasing with increasing distance from the galactic plane .  ⁇ n the gamma - ray luminosity in this picture depends on the density of target material which is monoton
b' we present a method to compute the energy eigenvalues of the schrdinger equation with a rational potential .  ⁇ n the method is based on the borel - leroy method and the taylor series .  ⁇ n the energy eigenvalues of the potential are obtained by using the taylor series .  ⁇ n the energy eigenvalues of the potential are computed by using the taylor series .  ⁇ n the taylor series is shown to be summable in the sense of borel - leroy method .  ⁇ n the energy eigenvalues of the potential are computed by using the taylor series .  ⁇ n the results of the numerical calculations are compared with those of the hill determinant method .  ⁇ n the results of the numerical calculations are also compared with those of the hill determinant method .  ⁇ 
b' we present a spectral aging analysis of a sample of fanaroff - riley - ii ( frii ) radio galaxies .  ⁇ n we find that the hotspot size is correlated with the total linear size of the source and follows the relation .  ⁇ n the mean rotation measure of the radio lobes is correlated with galactic latitude .  ⁇ n the liu - pooley correlation of lobe depolarization and spectral index is found to be significant at the 99.99% significance level .  ⁇ n however , the liu - pooley correlation does not seem to be correlated with the arm - length ratio or misalignment angle .  ⁇ n we find a weak correlation between lobe depolarization and radio core prominence - which is a statistical indicator of beaming and therefore orientation .  ⁇ n the weak correlation is consistent with the picture of these radio galaxies lying largely in the plane of the sky .  ⁇ n the lobe - to - lob
b' we present a self - consistent approach to the mott transition for a single band hubbard model on a square lattice with nearest neighbor hopping .  ⁇ n the method is based on a self - consistent treatment of the non - interacting bath of electrons that couples to the impurity .  ⁇ n we use this method to investigate the zero temperature phase diagram of the model .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed analysis of the spectral features of the narrow line seyfert 1 galaxy nton s180 .  ⁇ n the spectral features are well described by a single power law with a soft excess .  ⁇ 
b' we consider the quantum mechanical motion of a free electron in two - dimensional space in the presence of a zero - range potential center .  ⁇ n we show that the renormalization of the strength of the @xmath0-function leads to the existence of one localized state per landau level .  ⁇ n we show that the lifetime of such a state can be much longer than the typical times encountered in solid state physics .  ⁇ n we also discuss the possibility of generating new resonance states by a strong electric field . '
b' we present new radial - velocity and photometric observations of the transiting planet systems , and we present updated spectroscopic orbits and spectroscopic orbits .  ⁇ n we find that the spectroscopic orbits are consistent with the radial - velocity and photometric orbits , and that the spectroscopic orbits are consistent with the radial - velocity and photometric orbits .  ⁇ n we also present a reanalysis of existing photometry utilizing a technique which treats stellar limb darkening using adjustable parameters .  ⁇ n we perform the first detailed spectroscopic determination of the photospheric properties of both stars , and we make use of the constraint on the stellar density that comes directly from the transit light curves to infer more accurate values for the stellar and planetary masses and radii .  ⁇ n we find that the stellar masses and radii of the host stars are @xmath0 and @xmath1 , respectively , and @xmath2 , respectively .  ⁇ 
b' we combine the latest results of all searches for the standard model higgs boson in collisions at which are sensitive to a high mass ( 155 - 200 gev / c@xmath0 ) higgs boson .  ⁇ n the cdf and d experiments have recently reported new and updated results on higgs boson searches in collisions at which are sensitive to a high mass ( 155 - 200 gev / c@xmath1 ) higgs .  ⁇ n we combine the most recent results of all such searches in collisions at which are sensitive to a high mass ( 155 - 200 gev / c@xmath2 ) higgs : the searches for a sm higgs boson decaying to @xmath3 pairs and produced through gluon - gluon fusion , vector boson fusion , or in association with vector bosons ( and @xmath4 with hadronic @xmath5 decays ) .  ⁇ n the cdf and 
b' we present the results of a detailed study of the pulse period evolution of the symbiotic x - ray pulsar gx 1 + 4 .  ⁇ n we have combined all measurements that we are aware of from the literature with the pulse periods determined from bepposax / wfc , integral / isgri and fermi / gbm data .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new method to calculate the rydberg constant and the fine structure constant in bound state qed .  ⁇ n the method is based on the renormalization group approach and is based on the renormalization group .  ⁇ 
b' we study the influence of long range coulomb interactions on the phase correlations of josephson junction arrays .  ⁇ n we show that the phase correlations of the superconducting order parameter are strongly affected by the screening of the coulomb interaction between islands .  ⁇ n we calculate the average andreev current from a normal metal to a josephson junction chain .  ⁇ n we find that the average current is a power law , with a power law decay of correlations as @
b' we study the electron emission efficiency in liquid / gas xenon detectors for dark matter search .  ⁇ n we show that the thermalized , trapped electron hypothesis is correct , and that the background can be quantified .  ⁇ 
b' we study the phenomenology of the higgs boson decay @
b' we study the ground state of the spin-@xmath0 two - leg ladder with four - spin ring exchange .  ⁇ n the ground state is a vector - chirality ( vc ) phase .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed model of the ir spectral energy distributions ( seds ) of herbig ae / be stars .  ⁇ n we use a scaling approach to derive the spectral properties of the seds of these objects .  ⁇ 
b' we study the spontaneous segregation of traders in a double auction market .  ⁇ n we focus on agents using experience - weighted attraction learning to learn from the payoffs received for past actions and thus optimise future trading .  ⁇ n we show that when agents are repeatedly given a choice of parking spots , some _ spontaneous _ segregation occurs .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the photoproduction of @xmath0 meson at the resonance region .  ⁇ n we use a full coupled - channel calculation .  ⁇ n we find that the non - resonant amplitudes are largely affected by the @xmath1 and @xmath2 meson - nucleon channels .  ⁇ n we also find that the @xmath3 and @xmath4 channels are important in determining the @xmath5 and @xmath4 amplitudes .  ⁇ n we also find that the @xmath5 amplitudes are significantly affected by the @xmath4 and @xmath5 channels .  ⁇ n we also discuss the implications of our results for the extraction of the @xmath0 resonance parameters from the forthcoming data . '
b' we study online learning problems within a drifting - games framework , with the aim of developing a general methodology for designing learning algorithms based on a minimax analysis .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed study of the dynamical evolution of the giant planets of the solar system , based on a simple model of the planets jupiter , saturn , uranus , and neptune .  ⁇ n the planets were embedded in a disk of leftover planetesimals , accounting for a total of about 35 @
b' we investigate the development of compton - supported vhe @xmath0ray cascades in the circumnuclear environment of agns .  ⁇ 
b' we present a high angular resolution vlbi map of the central region of the nearby elliptical galaxy ngc 1052 .  ⁇ 
b' the cuore project is a new project aimed at the construction of an array of 1000 bolometric detectors with cubic crystal absorbers of tellurite of 5 cm side and of 760 g of mass each .  ⁇ n the main goal of cuore is to investigate the double beta decay of @xmath0te , although other absorbers could also be used to selectively study several types of rare event phenomenology .  ⁇ n the main goal of cuore is to construct an array of 1000 bolometric detectors with cubic crystal absorbers of tellurite of 5 cm side and of about 760 g of mass each .  ⁇ n the material to be employed first is teo@xmath1te , because one of the main goals of cuore is to investigate the double beta decay of @xmath1te , although other absorbers could also be used to selectively study several types of rare event phenomenology .  ⁇ n cuoricino , a smaller and intermediate stage of cuore , consists of 44 of the above crystal
b' we investigate the day - night asymmetry of the solar neutrino flavor , based on the recent data from the borexino experiment .  ⁇ n we find that the day - night asymmetry is separated from the present experimental resolution by at least one order of magnitude .  ⁇ n the magnitude of the day - night asymmetry is , however , significantly smaller than the present experimental resolution .  ⁇ n we also discuss the possibility of the experimental discovery of the day - night asymmetry in the nearest future . '
b' we study the dynamics of a quantum dissipative system in phase space .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the effect of recoil capillary waves on the length of a continuous water jet .  ⁇ n we observe that the recoil capillary wave is a powerful tool to damp the recoil capillary wave .  ⁇ n we also observe that the length of the jet is a deterministically fixed number .  ⁇ 
b' we show that , in quasi - one dimensional ladder networks with off - diagonal quasi - periodic order , one can generate absolutely continuous subbands in the energy spectrum of such quasi - one dimensional systems .  ⁇ n we specifically work with the fibonacci quasiperiodic order , though the observation is by no means , restricted to them .  ⁇ 
b' the miri medium resolution spectrometer ( mrs ) is a spectrometer that covers the wavelength range from 5 to 28.5 @xmath0 m at spectral resolving powers of a few thousand .  ⁇ n the mrs consists of 4 simultaneous spectral channels that have co - aligned fields of view , simultaneously observing the wavelength ranges listed in table 1 with individually optimised ifus , collimators and gratings .  ⁇ n the mrs consists of 4 channels that have co - aligned fields of view , simultaneously observing the wavelength ranges listed in table 1 with individually optimised ifus , collimators and gratings .  ⁇ n the mrs consists of 4 channels that have co - aligned fields of view , simultaneously observing the wavelength ranges listed in table 1 with individually optimised collimators and gratings .  ⁇ n the mrs consists of 4 channels that have co - aligned fields of view , simultaneously 
b' we study the non - equilibrium dynamics of aging systems with a simple model of a population evolving in a fitness landscape .  ⁇ n the model is based on the concept of punctuated equilibrium , which is applicable to any stochastic dynamics where long periods of stagnation are dotted by fast irreversible changes .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a deep @xmath0 imaging campaign of the extended hubble deep field south .  ⁇ 
b' we calculate the exact analytical form of the biphotons generated by spontaneous parametric down conversion , a process which generates two lower - frequency photons .  ⁇ n our calculation demonstrates that orbital angular momentum is conserved .  ⁇ n we use our result to calculate the coincidence amplitudes of the laguerre - gauss modes in the generated two - photon entangled state for a variety of pump beams .  ⁇ n we demonstrate the importance of the various beam sizes ( the pump width and the choice of lg base for the signal and idler ) in determining the state of the down - converted state .  ⁇ n we also show how our result can be easily extended to pump beams which are complex superpositions of laguerre - gauss modes , including pump modes containing phase singularities .  ⁇ n we show that the pump to signal / idler size plays a critical role in the engineering of the down - converted state , with states only being maximally entangled at particular width ratios . '
b' the perturbation of gravitational arcs by substructures is investigated .  ⁇ n the perturbative method is applied to the elliptical lens , and the perturbation of the arc is evaluated in detail .  ⁇ n the perturbation of the arc is analyzed in detail .  ⁇ n the perturbation of the arc is analyzed in detail .  ⁇ n the perturbation of the arc is analyzed in detail .  ⁇ 
b' this paper describes a method to generate arbitrarily shaped 2-dimensional arrays of cells by means of evolutionary - developmental techniques , i.e. by evolving genomes that guide the development of the shape starting from a single cell .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the effect of dipole - dipole interaction on the energy transfer between atoms in a regular chain of rydberg atom
b' we present the status of a prototype gem - based time projection chamber ( tpc ) .  ⁇ n it is a prototype of a gem - tpc , a prototype for the central tracker of the panda experiment at the new facility for antiproton and ion research ( fair ) at darmstadt , germany .  ⁇ n the prototype is currently under construction and will be tested and employed in two experimental campaigns with the fopi spectrometer at gsi and the cb - elsa detector in bonn .  ⁇ n the test chamber has been subject to first tests with the electron stretcher and accelerator elsa , bonn .  ⁇ n the tracker has been operated with a single gem - tpc and a single silicon detector .  ⁇ n the tracker has been characterized with cosmic mouns .  ⁇ n the tracker has been used as a reference for tracking .  ⁇ n the tracker has been used to determine the position of the external track in a particle beam .  ⁇ 
b' we study the time evolution of classical and quantum correlations for a system of two identical qubits in a dephasing channel .  ⁇ n we use a well established model describing the dynamics of a two - level system in a dephasing channel in which white noise is replaced by colored noise .  ⁇ n the interaction with the environment is schematized by random telegraph signal noise .  ⁇ n we study the non - trivial effects the non - markovianity of the system brings to light .  ⁇ n we find that the system exhibits a sudden transition between classical and quantum decoherence , namely a transition between a classical decoherencephase in which quantum correlation is frozen , while classical correlation is lost , and a quantum decoherencephase in which quantum correlation is deteriorated while classical correlation remains constant .  ⁇ n we also show that the quantum discord , quantified by quantum discord , can be completely unaffected by decoherence for long intervals of time . '
b' the spatiotemporal dynamics of semiconductor lasers is formulated in terms of the dynamics of the local light - matter interaction .  ⁇ n the equations are formulated for both bulk material and quantum wells including the effects of anisotropic coupling to the polarization components of the light field .  ⁇ n the effects of the dynamics of the electron - hole system in the semiconductor material are analyzed .  ⁇ n the spatial coherence of spontaneous emission and amplified spontaneous emission is explicitly described .  ⁇ n the effects of the dynamics of the electron - hole system on the spatial coherence of spontaneous emission and amplified spontaneous emission are also discussed . '
b' we present optical and radio observations of the afterglow of the gamma - ray burst .  ⁇ 
"b"" we have investigated the structure of cool accretion discs in semidetached binaries .  ⁇ n we have found that the structure of the disc is characterized by principally different parameters as compared to the  ⁇  hot ' case .  ⁇ n in particular , we have found the existence of one more type of spiral density waves in the inner part of the disc where gasdynamical perturbations are negligible .  ⁇ n we also consider the mechanism of formation of such a wave and the mechanism of formation of the spiral - vortex structure in the disc .  ⁇ n we have found that the tidal spiral waves do nt propagate to the inner part of the disc and are located in the outer part of the disc only .  ⁇ n we have also found that the formation of such a wave is a consequence of interaction of the circumdisc halo and circumbinary envelope with the stream of matter from the inner lagrangian point .  ⁇ n the mechanism of formation of such a wave and the mechanism of formation of the tidal spiral wave are discussed .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new , unified framework for the non perturbative physics of the type 0a and type 0b string theories .  ⁇ n we show that the two string theories are merely special points in a much larger theory , and that they are connected as parts of a larger theory .  ⁇ n we also show that the two string theories are merely special points in a much larger theory .  ⁇ n we also show that the two string theories are merely special points in a much larger theory . '
b' we investigate the phase transitions in two - dimensional superconducting arrays , weakly coupled by josephson junctions .  ⁇ n we use the perturbation expansion and the simulated annealing method to obtain various insulating lobes .  ⁇ n the detailed phase boundaries depend crucially on the ratio of the junction to self - capacitances , which is increased .  ⁇ n further , more and more insulating lobes are expected to be observed in the phase diagram , suggesting the interesting possibility of the lobe at every rational frustration in the thermodynamic limit .  ⁇ n we apply the monte carlo method to the system without the josephson term and find the persistence of the insulating lobes with low - order rational values of the charge density .  ⁇ n we also use a variational method to check the robustness of the insulating lobes against finite temperatures . '
b' we study the tunneling conductance of the quantum dot connected to the superconducting leads in the subgap regime .  ⁇ n we show that the kondo effect coexisting with the induced on - dot pairing can be induced by the gate voltage .  ⁇ n the kondo effect is characterized by the anomalous andreev conductance .  ⁇ n the kondo effect is characterized by the renormalization of the kondo singlet state , which is a consequence of the kondo effect .  ⁇ n the kondo effect is characterized by the renormalization of the kondo singlet state .  ⁇ n the kondo effect is characterized by the renormalization of the kondo singlet state .  ⁇ n the kondo effect is characterized by the renormalization of the kondo singlet state .  ⁇ n the kondo effect is characterized by the renormalization of the kondo singlet state .  ⁇ n the kondo effect is characterized by the renormalization
b' we discuss the application of the formalism of effective field theory to the case of @xmath0 elastic scattering .  ⁇ n we show that the set of tree level bootstrap constraints for renormalization prescriptions is completely determined by the values of three - leg minimal vertices .  ⁇ n we also show that our approach is a powerful tool to study the resonance spectrum . '
b' we present a new measurement of the time delay between the brightest images of the gravitational lens system 0957 + 561 .  ⁇ n the time delay is @xmath0 , which is a factor of @xmath1 smaller than the time delay for the lensed system g1 .  ⁇ 
b' we discuss the mikheyev - smirnov - wolfenstein ( msw ) effect for the sun .  ⁇ n we show that the msw effect is a consequence of the fact that the neutrino mass matrix has the same structure as the quark mass matrix .  ⁇ n we also show that the msw effect is a consequence of the fact that the neutrino mass matrix has the same structure as the quark mass matrix .  ⁇ n we also discuss the effect of the msw effect on the solar neutrino mass matrix . '
b' we present the results of a statistical analysis of the gamma - ray spectra of the flat spectrum radio quasar 3c 279 ( @xmath0 ) , which is detected by the large area telescope ( lat ) on board the _ fermi _ satellite .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the spectral state of the microquasar gx 339 - 4 , performed with the _ rossi x - ray timing explorer _ , _ rosat _ and _ asca _ instruments .  ⁇ 
b' we derive the propagator function of relativistic neutrinos in matter , taking into account the effects of coherent forward - scattering with surrounding matter particles .  ⁇ 
b' we present a numerical study of the possibility of fabricating a tunable - gap bilayer graphene ( bg ) transistor with independent gate operation .  ⁇ n we show that bg - fets are not able to meet the itrs requirements for the @xmath0 ratio by a large amount , since the induced gap is not sufficient to suppress band - to - band tunneling currents .  ⁇ n our approach is based on the self - consistent solution of the poisson and schrdinger equations within the non - equilibrium green s function formalism and the ballistic transport assumption .  ⁇ n we show that bg - fets are able to achieve a tunable - gap , i.e. with independent gate operation . '
b' we present a detailed study of the magnetic properties of zinc - blende transition metal compounds .  ⁇ n the zinc - blende structure of these compounds is characterized by a ferromagnetic gap at the fermi level .  ⁇ n the ferromagnetic gap is destroyed by the tetragonal deformation of the zinc - blende lattice .  ⁇ n the magnetic properties of the zinc - blende compounds are analyzed in detail .  ⁇ n the magnetic properties of the zinc - blende compounds are compared with those of the zinc - blende compounds .  ⁇ n the magnetic properties of the zinc - blende compounds are also discussed . '
b' we present a detailed analysis of the h ly@xmath0 absorption due to interstellar h i in the vicinity of the sun s main - sequence star .  ⁇ 
b' the pioneer effect , an unexplained acceleration towards the sun that perturbs the motion of pioneer 10 and 11 beyond a distance of 20 au , was recently reported by @xcite .  ⁇ n this paper examines the possibility of detecting perturbations of the sort expected from the pioneer effect in the motion of pluto .  ⁇ n we show that , contrary to recent assertions in the literature , the current ephemeris for pluto does not preclude the existence of the pioneer effect .  ⁇ n we show that the orbit of pluto is currently in a state of a phase transition .  ⁇ n we show that the current ephemeris for pluto does not preclude the existence of the pioneer effect .  ⁇ n we also show that the current ephemeris for pluto does not preclude the existence of the pioneer effect .  ⁇ 
b' scintillation detectors are constructed and tested with a custom 2x2 silicon photomultiplier array .  ⁇ n the geometry of the scintillator and the layout of the sipm array are determined by performing geant4 simulations .  ⁇ n it is found that the energy resolution of a detector is better for the scintillator with an area comparable to the active area of the sipm array .  ⁇ n the best energy resolution is for the gap size between the active area of the sipms .  ⁇ n the best energy resolution is for the gap size between 1 and 2 mm .  ⁇ n the resolution gets worse slowly but a shoulder starts to develop on either side of the photopeak resulting in a poorer full - width - at - tenth - maximum .  ⁇ n the simulated 662 kev @xmath0-ray spectra detected by the 18 mm cubic scintillator and sipm array are also presented . '
b' we present a detailed study of the transiting super - earth 55 cancri , based on chara interferometric observations and theoretical calculations of stellar properties .  ⁇ n we find that the super - earth s radius is @xmath0 , and that the planet s radius is @xmath1 .  ⁇ n the planet s radius is @xmath2 , and the planet s radius is @xmath3 .  ⁇ n the planet s radius is @xmath4 .  ⁇ n the planet s radius is @xmath5 . '
b' the bootstrap monte carlo technique is used to estimate random uncertainties in star formation histories ( sfhs ) of nearby galaxies .  ⁇ n the method is based on generating a large number of resampled cmds , and generating random deviates to create resampled cmds .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a rosat all - sky survey ( rass ) analysis of a large area of sky .  ⁇ n the rosat x - ray telescope , equipped with an imaging proportional counter in the focal plane , allowed for the first time complete detailed surveys of large areas of sky ( @xmath0 ) .  ⁇ 
b' we present deep _ hubble space telescope _ imaging of the quasar cfhqsj232908 - 030158 at @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the quasar is a radio - quiet quasar at @xmath1 .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the possibility of a new physics beyond the standard model , based on the simplest scenario of two flavors oscillations .  ⁇ n we show that the present data allow to exclude the three simplest models , at least in their simplest form , as explanations of the atmospheric neutrino problem .  ⁇ 
b' we study the properties of quark matter at the low energy scale by considering two phenomenological models .  ⁇ n one is the polytropic quark star model , which establishes a general framework for modeling quark stars , and the other is the lennard - jones quark matter model .  ⁇ n we find that the equations of state in both models could be stiffer than that in conventional quark star models , and then lead to larger maximum masses for quark stars .  ⁇ n the maximum mass could be higher than 2 @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the maximum mass could be higher than 2 @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the maximum mass could be higher than 2 @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the maximum mass could be higher than 2 @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the maximum mass could be higher than 2 @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the maximum mass could be higher than 2 @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the maximum mass could be higher than 2 @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the maximum mass could be higher than 2
b' we present a study of the substorm - like reconnection process in the terrestrial magnetosphere .  ⁇ n the reconnection process is characterized by a reconnection of the x - line with the diffusion region .  ⁇ n the reconnection process is characterized by a plasmoid - like structure with a large tailward - moving loop - like magnetic structure .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new monogamy inequality for @xmath0-dimensional quantum pure states .  ⁇ n the new monogamy inequality relates the bipartite concurrence , concurrence of assistance and ghz type tripartite entanglement .  ⁇ n the difference between concurrence and negativity of the reduced density matrix can characterize the tripartite w type entanglement of a @xmath1-dimensional quantum pure state . '
b' we use a bjorken expansion to calculate the proton to pion ratio at the lhc .  ⁇ n we include the effects of the extended mass spectrum and multi - mesonic reactions .  ⁇ n we find that the extended mass spectrum can , indeed , explain the lower proton to pion ratio at the lhc . '
b' the panda barrel time - of - flight detector is a prototype of a scintillator tile ( scitil ) hodoscope .  ⁇ n the scitil hodoscope is based on 5760 small plastic scintillator tiles attached to silicon photomultipliers ( sipms ) .  ⁇ n the scitil hodoscope is a lightweight and compact detector .  ⁇ 
b' i consider single spin asymmetries in collisions between an unpolarized hadron and a transversely polarized proton .  ⁇ n the model for both the initial , intrinsic , state of a quark in the proton and for initial state interactions dominated by their absorption part is built in such a way to be as simple as possible .  ⁇ n the results of the calculation are compared with available data .  ⁇ 
b' we use the renormalization group invariants ( rgis ) of the minimal supersymmetric standard model ( mssm ) to determine the current probability distribution of the rgis at the tev scale .  ⁇ n we compare the situation before and after constraints from the lhc are imposed .  ⁇ n we show that the rgis can be used to set constraints on the messenger scale parameters of a realization of general gauge mediation .  ⁇ n we also study the possibility of gaugino mass unification and the consistency of the scale of gaugino mass unification with experimental constraints .  ⁇ n we also discuss the messenger scale parameters associated with minimal gauge mediation . '
b' we investigate the deflections of cosmic rays in the galactic magnetic field .  ⁇ n we use two parameterizations of the galactic magnetic field , based on measurements of faraday rotation and polarized synchrotron radiation .  ⁇ 
b' the structure of glauber shadow corrections in elastic scattering from deuteron is studied in the framework of qft .  ⁇ n the new scaling characteristics of scattering from the constituents in the composite systems , having a clear physical interpretation , are established .  ⁇ n the new scaling characteristics of scattering from the constituents in the composite systems , having a clear physical interpretation , are established .  ⁇ n the results of the calculations are compared with the experimental data . '
b' we study the face numbers of sequentially cohen macaulay complexes .  ⁇ n we use a new connection to lattice paths , and we give a numerical characterization of the possible @xmath0-triangles of sequentially cohen macaulay complexes .  ⁇ n we also provide a characteristic - independent characterization of the possible betti tables of componentwise linear ideals .  ⁇ 
b' we study the effective potential of thermal wilson loops in the fundamental and adjoint representations of su(2 ) .  ⁇ n we use a perturbative ansatz for the effective action , which is used to construct the effective action .  ⁇ 
b' we present a theoretical and numerical study of quantum walks and quantum search algorithms on honeycomb lattices .  ⁇ n we show that the search protocol can be adapted to demonstrate novel communication setups .  ⁇ n we also show that the search protocol can be used to create alternative carbon nanostructures . '
b' we present a simple loop representation for the fermion determinant of 2-d wilson fermions in a scalar background field .  ⁇ n the proof is based on a result for the hopping expansion for a generalized 8-vertex model where the vertices are coupled to a background field .  ⁇ n the resulting expression reduces the hopping expansion to a finite sum of loops .  ⁇ n in addition it is possible to explicitly integrate out the external field .  ⁇ n we generate a loop representation of the 2-d gross - neveu model . '
b' we study the quantum hall droplet in a homogeneous magnetic field .  ⁇ n we find the confinement potentials that maximize the overlap of the wave function of a few electron quantum hall droplet with the laughlin state , and the moore - read state on the lowest landau level and on the second lowest landau level .  ⁇ n the latter is obtained by applying the landau level raising operator to each electron coordinate in the sample plane and assuming the lowest landau level of both spin types completely filled and inert .  ⁇ n the latter is obtained by applying the landau level raising operator to each electron coordinate in the sample plane and assuming the lowest landau level of both spin types completely filled and inert . '
b' we study the transition between synchronization due to phase locking and noise - induced synchronization for uncoupled limit - cycle oscillators driven by gamma - distributed impulses .  ⁇ n we analyze phase distributions of the oscillators and their lyapunov exponents , and quantify their difference using information - theoretic measures .  ⁇ n we find that the two types of synchronization dynamics are clearly different in many aspects , e.g. their stability , fluctuations , and statistical dependence on the driving impulses .  ⁇ n we also characterize mutual relationships among the impulse source and the driven oscillators by utilizing information - theoretic measures . '
b' we investigate the gamma - ray spectra of flare - accelerated electrons in the thin - target condition .  ⁇ n we find that the gamma - ray spectra of the electrons are steeper than those of the thick - target condition .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the effect of bit rate adaptation in a node under saturation .  ⁇ n the algorithm has a parameter @xmath0 and a service rate @xmath1 .  ⁇ n we show that , for the downgrading policy and if the server capacity is scaled up by a factor @xmath2 , the equilibrium probability of rejecting a job converges to @xmath0 as @xmath2 goes to infinity .  ⁇ n we also show that the equilibrium probability of accepting a job without downgrading converges to @xmath0 as @xmath2 goes to infinity . '
b' we present results on the incidence of active galactic nuclei ( agn ) and x - ray absorption among star - forming galaxies at @xmath0 .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the ion acceleration in the interaction of intense laser pulses with mass - limited targets .  ⁇ n we focus on the case of a mass - limited target and a plasma corona .  ⁇ 
b' we construct a class of five - dimensional black hole solutions based on the atiyah - hitchin space .  ⁇ 
b' we present new results on the stellar population in the galactic center ( gc ) .  ⁇ 
b' differential positivity is a generalization of linear positivity to the nonlinear setting .  ⁇ n it is shown that the trajectories of a differentially positive system either converge asymptotically to the image of an integral curve of the perron - frobenius vector field , or they move transversally to the perron - frobenius vector field .  ⁇ 
b' we study the effect of time - reversal invariance ( tri ) on the tunneling amplitudes of superfluid fermions in a one - dimensional optical lattice .  ⁇ n we show that the tri breaking mechanism may change not only the sign of the tunneling amplitudes , but also their complex values .  ⁇ n we also point out that in the bose - fermi mixture with broken tri the complex ground state of bosons affects the fermi pairing function .  ⁇ n the effect is reminiscent of the disorder induced phase control in such mixtures . '
b' we study the dynamic localization and quantum entanglement of two interacting electrons in a double quantum dot driven by an ac field .  ⁇ n we show that the coulomb repulsion may enhance the localization due to the level crossing associated with different symmetries of a dynamic parity operation .  ⁇ n we also show that the maximally entangled bell state can be prepared and maintained with a pulse of an ac field . '
b' we report an experimental demonstration of entanglement creation between two non - directly - coupled spins with the aid of one ancilla spin .  ⁇ n our results confirm the separable state can be used to create entanglement . '
b' we study the transport of helical edge states in a graphene lattice .  ⁇ n we find that , if the graphene ribbon is wrapped up to form a tube with armchair edges , then the helical edge state provides a robust channel for persistent charge current ( pcc ) and persistent spin current ( psc ) .  ⁇ n we also find that , if the graphene ribbon is wrapped up to form a ring with armchair edges , then the helical edge state provides a robust channel for persistent charge current ( pcc ) and persistent spin current ( psc ) .  ⁇ n we also find that , if the graphene ribbon is wrapped up to form a tube ( or a ring ) with armchair edges , then the helical edge state provides a robust channel for persistent charge current ( pcc ) and psc .  ⁇ n we also find that , if the graphene ribbon is wrapped up to form a ring with armchair edges
b' we study the minority game ( mg ) with an odd number @xmath0 of agents .  ⁇ n the agents are informed of past experience , make decisions based on their past experience , interact through their actions , and in turn generate this common information collectively .  ⁇ 
b' the production of beryllium in the early galaxy is investigated .  ⁇ n the be abundances in metal - poor stars are compared with theoretical isochrones and with the evolution of the star formation rate in the two galactic components .  ⁇ 
b' in this paper , we study a variational inequality for a set - valued function .  ⁇ n we prove a weak variational inequality for a set - valued function , namely a stampacchia type variational inequality .  ⁇ n we also prove a weak variational inequality for a set - valued function .  ⁇ n we also prove a weak variational inequality for a set - valued function .  ⁇ n _ keywords : _ scalar variational inequality , stampacchia type variational principle , weak variational inequality , weak efficiency , weak efficiency . '
b' we study the non - local transport properties of a superconducting region connected to two normal leads at subgap voltages .  ⁇ n we show that in contrast to the conventional @xmath0-wave case , crossed andreev reflection processes are long ranged .  ⁇ n moreover , we show that for certain orientations of the axes of the superconductor with respect to the contacts , car processes dominate over elastic cotunneling at low voltages and small contact transparency .  ⁇ n these findings open the possibility of using htcs as a source of entangled electron pairs . '
b' we study the quantum entanglement of low energy eigenfunctions of a regularized pseudo - potential and a harmonic trap .  ⁇ n we show that the entanglement is manifested as pairing of atoms in a set of orthogonal mode functions in three - dimensional space .  ⁇ n in particular , the angular momenta are identified as good quantum numbers to characterize the schmidt mode functions .  ⁇ 
b' a scheme of successive interaction between two quantum systems is introduced .  ⁇ n it is shown that a maximal entanglement can be established between the states of the two systems spatially separated ( or that can be separated ) .  ⁇ n this purification mechanism is applied to a three - qubit system , a+b+x , in which system x is prepared in an initial pure state and is measured after it has interacted with system a and b. then only those events in which system x is found in the initial state are kept .  ⁇ n it is shown that an optimal entanglement purification can be achieved , while keeping the maximal fidelity , by a finite number of measurements on a . '
b' extracting social networks from web is a major task in the area of information science .  ⁇ 
b' spiders are simple , simple , and robust objects which can move along one - dimensional tracks .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new method for determining the optical depth of resonance line absorption troughs in agn outflows .  ⁇ 
b' we analyse the possibility of the pulsar psr b0656 + 14 associated with the snr monogem ring being the single source responsible for the knee in the cosmic ray energy spectrum at @xmath03 pev .  ⁇ n we find that the pulsar psr 0656 + 14 is a pulsar with a spin - down age of @xmath0110 kyears and a distance of @
b' we consider a single learning model that includes all possible classification schemes .  ⁇ n we show that there is a computable learning algorithm in our universal setting .  ⁇ n we then show that it is impossible to bound the sample complexity of any _ computable _ universal learning algorithm , even as a function of the target concept .  ⁇ n we prove that any such bound will be exceeded with arbitrarily high probability .  ⁇ n in fact we show there is an uncomputable learning procedure for which we bound the number of samples queried as a function of the unknown target concept , independently of the distribution .  ⁇ n our results imply that computable learning algorithms in the universal setting must waste samples . '
b' the riemannian geometry of constant curvature riemannian 3-manifolds is used to construct a model of the comoving spatial section of a relativistic universe .  ⁇ 
b' we consider the effect of a scalar field with an exponential potential on the late - time attractor of a friedmann - robertson - walker universe .  ⁇ n we show that the effective potential for field variations orthogonal to the scaling solution is a global minimum along the attractor trajectory .  ⁇ n we then show that assisted inflation can be interpreted as a form of hybrid power - law inflation .  ⁇ n we also show that the large - scale perturbation spectra due to vacuum fluctuations in the scalar field potential can be calculated exactly without resorting to slow - roll type approximations . '
b' we study the day - night effect for maximally mixed @xmath0 solar neutrinos .  ⁇ n we show that the day - night asymmetry and the recoil electron spectrum as a function of @xmath2 are sensitive to the maximal mixing .  ⁇ 
b' we present a simple and accurate analytical formula for the percolation threshold of a branched network .  ⁇ n the formula is based on the power - law relation between coordination number and percolation threshold .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new calculation of the fallback of material falling back from a supernova explosion .  ⁇ n we use a 2-dimensional code to model the neutrino emission from this fallback .  ⁇ 
b' we report the discovery of a dropout in the hst nicmos images of the candidate hubble deep field ( hdfs ) .  ⁇ n the morphology , the size and the colors ( r - h and i - h ) strongly suggest the object to be an elliptical galaxy ( or bulge - dominated object ) at @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the luminosity profile is well described by an @xmath0 law .  ⁇ n models with dust are also considered to explain the extremely red colors .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the collective excitation frequencies , superfluid coherence length and critical angular frequencies required to create a vortex of a rotating bose - einstein condensate .  ⁇ n we find that the two - body short range interatomic interaction potential characterized by the @xmath0-wave scattering length @xmath1 ( tf - g ) gives two new regimes for new atomic bose - einstein condensation ( bec ) .  ⁇ n the tf - g regime is obtained by solving the equations of collisionless hydrodynamics .  ⁇ n the lower bound of the ground state energy , monopole and quadrupole mode frequencies of the tf - g and the g regimes are calculated .  ⁇ n the tf - g regime is found to exhibit superfluid properties prominently than the g - regime .  ⁇ n we also estimate the superfluid coherence length and critical angular frequencies required to create a vortex along the @xmath
b' we study the relationship between the occurrence of rapid blue - shifted excursions ( rbes ) and changes in the underlying dynamics of photospheric magnetic fields .  ⁇ n we use h@xmath0 - 0.1 nm and magnetic field data obtained with the new solar telescope ( nst ) installed at the big bear solar observatory ( bbso ) .  ⁇ 
b' we report on the discovery of a very low - mass companion to the brown dwarf candidate chah@xmath0 .  ⁇ n the companion was detected in the course of a radial velocity survey for companions to very young brown dwarfs ( bds ) and very low - mass stars ( vlms ) in the chamaeleoni star forming region .  ⁇ n the radial velocity of chah@xmath0 shows a strong radial velocity variation with a period of @xmath1 days .  ⁇ n the orbital period of chah@xmath0 is @xmath2 days and the radial velocity of chah@xmath0 is @xmath3 days .  ⁇ n the orbital period of chah@xmath0 is @xmath4 days and the radial velocity of chah@xmath0 is @xmath5 days .  ⁇ n the orbital period of chah@xmath0 is @xmath6 days and the radi
b' we study the emergence of collective motion in ensembles of random hamiltonians .  ⁇ 
b' we present a dynamic ray - tracing approach to calculate the forces on deformable cells using a single - beam gradient laser .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the possibility that fields decay during inflation .  ⁇ n we show that , in the absence of a slow roll phase , the decay of individual fields causes an additional decrease of the potential energy during inflation , which can be even more important than the reduction of potential energy induced by slow roll .  ⁇ n thus , leading order corrections to observable parameters that are sensitive to the slow roll parameters , such as the scalar spectral index , are possible .  ⁇ n we also show that , in the absence of a slow roll phase , the decay of fields leads to a significant reduction of the potential energy during inflation .  ⁇ 
b' stellar evolution models are pivotal ingredients in order to understand the evolutionary properties of the various stellar populations present in both resolved and un - resolved stellar systems .  ⁇ n this can be achieved only by comparing theoretical predictions with empirical constraints .  ⁇ n this can be achieved only by comparing theoretical predictions with empirical constraints .  ⁇ n this can be achieved only by comparing theoretical predictions with empirical constraints .  ⁇ n this can be achieved only by comparing theoretical predictions with empirical constraints .  ⁇ 
b' we develop a method to search for optimal codes adapted to arbitrary noise .  ⁇ n the method is based on an iteration by which either the encoding or the decoding channel is changed such that fidelity is improved in each step .  ⁇ n the encoding operation comes out to be an isometry even on random channels .  ⁇ n the encoding operation comes out to be an isometry even on random channels .  ⁇ n the encoding operation comes out to be an isometry even on random channels .  ⁇ n the encoding operation comes out to be an isometry even on random channels .  ⁇ n the encoding operation comes out to be an isometry even on random channels .  ⁇ n the encoding operation comes out to be an isometry even on random channels .  ⁇ n the encoding operation comes out to be an isometry even on random channels .  ⁇ n the encoding operation comes out to be an isometry even on random channels .  ⁇ n the encoding operation comes out to be an isometry even on random
b' we consider the problem of determining whether or not a designated target speaker is present in a given speech segment .  ⁇ n the problem is to design a discriminative model for the calibration stage , which is a prior - weighted logistic regression model .  ⁇ n we show that a suitable choice of proper scoring rules can be used to target the low false - alarm region .  ⁇ n we demonstrate theoretically and experimentally that a suitable choice of proper scoring rules can be used to optimize the performance of a speaker recognizer . '
b' we present a nonlinear chebyshev - filtered subspace iteration ( chefsi ) method for solving the kohn - sham equations .  ⁇ n the chefsi is a sequential version of the nonlinear chebyshev - filtered subspace iteration ( chefsi ) .  ⁇ 
b' we present a thermodynamic approach to the statistical structure of natural scenes .  ⁇ 
"b"" we discuss the possibility of observing the superluminal motion of the source of gamma - ray bursts ( grbs ) and their afterglows ( ags ) : the cannonball "" .  ⁇ n we show that a superluminal motion of the source of grbs and their afterglows ( the cannonballs "" ) may be observable in very exceptional cases , relative to grbs with sufficiently bright ( radio ) ags .  ⁇ n we also discuss the possibility of observing this superluminal motion in a very close - by grb with sufficiently bright ( radio ) ags . """
b' we present a new quantum transport code , called gollum , which is a new , flexible and efficient tool for the modeling of nanostructures interacting with their environments .  ⁇ n the code is based on the non - equilibrium green s function technique , which combines density functional theory with the non - equilibrium green s function technique to obtain the self - consistent mean - field hamiltonian of the system subject to a finite bias voltage and from it , the lesser green s functions providing the non - equilibrium electronic density and current .  ⁇ n the code is able to describe the transport properties of nanostructures interacting with their environments , and is particularly suited to the modeling of larger - scale nanostructures , interacting with their environments .  ⁇ n gollum , a new code , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , 
b' we investigate the physics of quantum gates involving one to three qubits .  ⁇ n we formulate general requirements on control and interaction between multi - qubit multi - state systems that are necessary to perform quantum gates via continuous time quantum walks .  ⁇ n we illustrate the procedure with examples of one- , two- , and three - qubit gates .  ⁇ n we obtain a class of solutions for systems involving one auxiliary state .  ⁇ n this class of solutions incorporates specific cases derived earlier in @xcite .  ⁇ n we present a detailed analysis of graphs involved in quantum walks performing these gates .  ⁇ n exact analytical solutions for continuous time quantum walks on non - symmetric linear chain graphs , with up to five states , and square graphs are obtained .  ⁇ n we also discuss the structure of transition in interacting multi - qubit systems . '
b' we investigate aggregation processes with mass injection where the total merger rate does not depend on the total number of clusters .  ⁇ n we address the three classic kernels @xmath0 for aggregation between clusters if size @xmath1 and @xmath2 , respectively : the constant rate @xmath5 , the sum rate @xmath6 , and the product rate @xmath7 .  ⁇ n for the constant aggregation rate , the cluster size distribution decays exponentially with the cluster size .  ⁇ n for both the sum and the product rates , where the aggregation rate grows with the aggregate size , the system undergoes a phase transition as a function of the injection rate .  ⁇ n when the injection rate is smaller than some critical value , the system is in a condensate phase .  ⁇ n a finite fraction of the total mass constitutes a macroscopic condensate , but the remaining fraction is in the form of microscopic clusters .  ⁇ n the condensate and
b' the existence of a homogeneous cooling state ( hcs ) and two temperatures in a binary mixture of inelastic hard spheres is demonstrated by molecular dynamics simulation .  ⁇ n the hcs is obtained by a transformation to dimensionless variables .  ⁇ n the hcs can be given a time independent representation by transformation to suitable dimensionless variables .  ⁇ n the hcs can be obtained by adding stochastic sources to the kinetic equation or molecular dynamics dynamics to do work on the system that compensate for collisional cooling .  ⁇ n the resulting homogeneous steady state is qualitatively the same as the dimensionless hcs but the quantitative differences are expected to make it closer to _ locally driven _ steady states observed in experiments on vibrated granular media .  ⁇ n the enskog kinetic theory predicts a hcs for the lower densities considered but significant discrepancies between theory and simulation appear for high density and strong dissipation .  ⁇ n the hcs is found to be in good
b' we consider the mach - zehnder interferometer with two tunneling contacts between the effectively parallel edges of quantum hall liquids .  ⁇ n the corresponding one - dimensional field theory permits an exact bethe ansatz solution for the distribution of the transferred charge .  ⁇ n the generating function of the transferred charge is shown to reflect the anyonic braiding statistics of the tunneling quasiparticles , and decomposition of electrons into quasiparticles with increase of voltage .  ⁇ n the generating function of the transferred charge is shown to reflect the anyonic braiding statistics of the tunneling quasiparticles .  ⁇ n the generating function of the transferred charge is shown to reflect the anyonic braiding statistics of the tunneling quasiparticles , and decomposition of electrons into quasiparticles with increase of voltage .  ⁇ n the generating function of the transferred charge is shown to be a function of the ratio of the filling factors @xmath0 and @xmath1 of the tunneling contacts .  ⁇ 
b' we study the silver blaze phenomenon for a charged scalar @xmath0 field at finite density .  ⁇ n the model is rewritten in terms of a flux representation which avoids the complex action problem at finite @xmath1 and allows for monte carlo simulations at high densities .  ⁇ n the transition at the end of the silver blaze region at zero temperature is studied .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a stochastic map which attempts to generate all of the aforementioned features at different limits and in addition , it shows some new features as well .  ⁇ n we discuss its relative merits and demerits with respect to the kinetic exchange models which also generates similar results .  ⁇ n we also discuss the specific structure of the market and the underlying stochastic map . '
b' we present spitzer irac observations of four ultra - short period cataclysmic variables ( ef eridani , gg leonis , v347 pavonis , and rx j0154.0 - 5947 ) .  ⁇ n all four of the polars show emission in the 38 @xmath0 m region in excess of that produced solely by the white dwarf plus an m or l dwarf .  ⁇ n we discuss the origin of this excess emission , and speculate that it may be due to cool circumbinary dust that could dynamically settle into a disk , and/or possibly a t dwarf - like secondary star . '
b' the purpose of this paper is to analyze the crisis in geometry .  ⁇ n it is shown that the contemporary ( riemannian ) geometry is inconsistent .  ⁇ 
b' we study the phase transitions in a superconducting ring with a hole .  ⁇ n the phase boundary of the ring is determined by the ginzburg - landau(gl ) equation .  ⁇ 
b' we present new @xmath0-ray observations of the extended source hess j1745 - 303 in the galactic center ( gc ) .  ⁇ n the @xmath1co @xmath2=21 line is detected with the nanten2 4 m telescope at atacama , chile .  ⁇ n the @xmath1co @xmath2=21 line shows a strong absorption feature at @xmath3 .  ⁇ n the absorption feature is asymmetric with a peak at @
b' we present the results of a search for gamma - ray emission from hess j0632 + 057 and agl j2241 + 4454 using the fermi - lat data in the gev energy range .  ⁇ n we found no significant signal and no evidence for gamma - ray emission .  ⁇ 
b' we study the electron transmission through the ab - ba domain boundary in bilayer graphene .  ⁇ n we calculate the electron transmission probability as a function of the fermi energy using the tight - binding model and the transfer matrix method .  ⁇ n the result shows that the boundaries generally suppress the electron transmission in comparision with the perfect bernal stacked system , while the reduction becomes gradually weaker as increasing the number of layers .  ⁇ n we also notice that the transmission shows some odd - even effect at high electron density larger than @xmath0@xmath1 , where the even - layer boundaries have better electron transmission than odd - layer boundaries .  ⁇ n we present the qualitative explanation of those characteristic properties of electron transmission through the ab - ba boundary by considering the local band structure inside the boundary region .  ⁇ n we also study the electron transmission in the ab - ba boundary under the perpendicular electric field , and find that the band deformation induced by the electric field significantly enhances the electron transmission at a fixed carrier density . '
b' we discuss the finite difference method used in numerical analysis to solve partial differential equations .  ⁇ n we use the von neumann stability analysis to discuss the limits on the grid intervals .  ⁇ n this analysis typically leads to limits on the space and time intervals of the numerical grid in order to ensure stability .  ⁇ n we discuss these limits while emphasizing on physical causality .  ⁇ n we show that in the continuum limit numerical causality unifies with physical causality .  ⁇ n we show that the convergence and causality in the explicit method of the schrodinger equation imply the minimum grid interval size to be of the order of compton wavelength .  ⁇ n we also show that the explicit method of the schrodinger equation can lead to limits on the minimum grid interval sizes which are essentially consistent with those obtained in quantum mechanics .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a novel scheme for constructing a high - order accurate shock - capturing scheme based on conjugate filter oscillation reduction ( cfor ) .  ⁇ n the proposed scheme is based on the discrete singular convolution ( dsc ) algorithm .  ⁇ n the dsc algorithm is a new approach for the numerical computation of singular convolutions .  ⁇ 
b' we calculate the charge and magnetic response of the extended @xmath0 model in the two - loop approximation .  ⁇ n we find that the spiral state is stable ( at low doping ) above certain critical values of @xmath1 .  ⁇ n we also find that superconductivity is supported in the stable region .  ⁇ n we also show that the magnetic stability is provided by spin quantum fluctuations ( order from disorder effect ) .  ⁇ n the results show that perturbation theory converges very well .  ⁇ n the main conclusion that the magnetic stability is provided by spin quantum fluctuations ( order from disorder effect ) remains valid in two loops , however the higher corrections are found to have an important effect on the charge stability region .  ⁇ n pacs numbers : 74.20.-k , 74.20.-k , 74.20.-k '
b' we study the dynamics of a cigar - shape bose - einstein condensate in the presence of a one - dimensional optical lattice .  ⁇ n we show that , as the chemical potential scans the spectral gap , the gap solitons display a variety of scattering properties ranging from those of  ⁇  ideal '' solitons without a periodic potential to those of nonlinear localized excitations of discrete nonlinear lattices .  ⁇ n in addition , we suggest that the inelastic collisions of near - the - band - edge gap solitons can provide reliable means for generating highly - localized high - density immobile atomic solitons in the depth of the spectral gap . '
b' we investigate the effect of a uniform magnetic field on the ground state of an s=1/2 antiferromagnetic chain .  ⁇ n we derive the exact relationship between the field dependent quantities , the magnetization , the spin - wave velocity and the boson compactification radius , and derive the logarithmic dependence of these quantities on the field .  ⁇ n we also derive the logarithmic dependence of the critical exponents .  ⁇ n we also discuss the relevance of our results to recent experiments on cu benzoate . '
b' the x - ray source rxj0028.8 + 5917 was observed with the ohp spectrometer during 4 nights in the ( 3600 - 7200 ) spectral range .  ⁇ n the mean optical spectrum shows clear broad absorption features in the balmer lines , h@xmath0 , h@xmath1 , h@xmath2 and h@xmath2 .  ⁇ 
b' the effect of chemistry on dust settling in protoplanetary disks is studied using a thermodynamically - consistent model .  ⁇ n the model includes a gibbs free energy minimization of dust properties , and a thermal structure based on gibbs free energy minimization .  ⁇ n the opacity is calculated by assuming a uniform temperature profile , and the opacity is calculated by using the gibbs free energy minimization .  ⁇ n the opacity is a key parameter connecting physics and chemistry , which is crucial to make our calculations fully self - consistent .  ⁇ n the time scale for dust settling is estimated to be @xmath0@xmath1 years , which is shorter than that of radial disk evolution .  ⁇ n the trends of element abundance recorded in meteorites are also discussed .  ⁇ n the time scale for dust settling is found to be @xmath210@xmath1 years , which is shorter than that of radial disk evolution .  ⁇ n the time scale for dust settling is found to be
b' we present the results of a series of observations of the black hole candidate x - ray binary gx 339 - 4 .  ⁇ n the observations were carried out with the molonglo observatory synthesis telescope ( most ) at 36 cm .  ⁇ n the most data are compared with a previous rxte / asm observation of the system .  ⁇ n the rxte / asm data are compared with a previous rxte / cgro / batse data .  ⁇ n the rxte / asm data are consistent with a single power - law model , with a photon index of @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the rxte / asm data are consistent with a power - law model , with a photon index of @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the rxte / cgro data are consistent with a power - law model , with a photon index of @xmath0 .  ⁇ 
b' we study the heat conduction in one - dimensional chains with fermi - pasta - ulam interactions .  ⁇ n we show that the thermal conductivity diverges with system size as @x
b' we show that black hole space - times with curvature divergences can be resolved in a classical geometric scenario .  ⁇ 
b' we have studied the average pulse width of 1186 batse gamma - ray bursts ( grbs ) .  ⁇ n we have found that the average pulse width of grbs is bimodal .  ⁇ n this suggests that grbs can be divided into two groups , namely shot - pulse bursts and long - pulse bursts .  ⁇ n the average pulse width of the dim long - pulse bursts are longer than the bright long - pulse bursts .  ⁇ n however , the average pulse width of the short - pulse bursts does not show a simple relation with grb peak flux .  ⁇ 
b' we study the spectral theory of groups generated by finite automata .  ⁇ n we show that the spectrum of the combinatorial laplacian is a cantor set and thus has discrete spectral measure .  ⁇ 
b' in this paper , we propose convex combination schemes of reduced - rank adaptive filters based on the joint iterative interpolation , decimation , and filtering ( jidf ) technique .  ⁇ n the proposed schemes employ reduced - rank adaptive filters in parallel operating with different model orders and step sizes , which are exploited by convex combination strategies .  ⁇ n the proposed schemes address the drawbacks of the jidf scheme , i.e. , the increase in the number of coefficients for adaptation .  ⁇ n the proposed schemes employ reduced - rank adaptive filters in parallel operating with different model orders and step sizes , which are exploited by convex combination strategies .  ⁇ n the proposed schemes employ reduced - rank adaptive filters in parallel operating with different model orders and step sizes , which are exploited by convex combination strategies .  ⁇ n the proposed schemes are validated by simulations .  ⁇ 
b' we present optical spectroscopy of the t dwarf 2massw j1237392 + 652615 , identified from the two micron all sky survey .  ⁇ n we detect h@xmath0 emission in the spectral range m7 to l8 , and we discuss possible emission mechanisms .  ⁇ 
b' the integral mission is a multi - wavelength gamma - ray burst ( grb ) detector .  ⁇ n the spi - acs anticoincidence shield of spi ( spi - acs ) provides a quasi - omnidirectional field of view for the detection of grbs .  ⁇ n the spi - acs provides a time resolution of 50ms and provides a quasi - omnidirectional field of view .  ⁇ n the spi - acs detector provides a time resolution of 50ms .  ⁇ n the spi - acs detector is part of the integral burst alert system .  ⁇ n the spi - acs detector is part of the integral burst alert system .  ⁇ n the spi - acs detector is part of the integral burst alert system .  ⁇ n the spi - acs detector is part of the integral burst alert system .  ⁇ n the spi - 
b' we study the spectrum of vibrational modes of a spherical nanoshell embedded in a dielectric medium .  ⁇ n we find that the spectrum exhibits a strong dependence on nanoshell aspect ratio .  ⁇ n specifically , for thin nanoshells , the fundamental mode energy is consirerably lower than for solid particles while the damping is significantly larger .  ⁇ n at the same time , in the thin shell limit , the fundamental mode carries the entire oscillator strength which results in an enhanced oscillations amplitude as compared to solid particles .  ⁇ n the analysis also reveals two regimes , where the spectrum is dominated by nanoslell geometry or by surrounding medium , with a sharp crossover governed by the interplay between aspect ratio and impendance . '
b' we extend the notion of a garside group to the notion of a garside groupoid .  ⁇ n we prove that the ribbon groupoid of an artin - tits group of spherical type is a garside groupoid .  ⁇ n we also provide a presentation of the ribbon groupoid for every garside group with a garside structure . '
b' we discuss a procedure to derive the soft factor in the soft collinear effective theory ( scet ) .  ⁇ n the main idea is to use the freedom of the gauge redefinition of the fields in the qcd lagrangian and the fact that the choice of a particular gauge can be implemented by performing an explicit gauge rotation ( that will depend on the adopted configuration of the gluon fields ) .  ⁇ n this gauge rotation allows us to freely pass from an operator defined in a particular gauge to a manifestly gauge - invariant definition .  ⁇ n in conjunction with the kinematic constraints , it enables us to use the power of the scet approach within pure qcd to pick up the correct wilson - line geometry .  ⁇ n we demonstrate this idea in the case of deeply inelastic scattering , and consider then the tmd factorization of the drell - yan process as an application of this technique . '
b' in this paper , we investigate the cosmological constraints on the ghost dark energy ( gde ) in the brans dicke ( bd ) theory of gravity .  ⁇ n the cosmological data are as follows : cosmic microwave background radiation ( cmb ) , large scale structure ( ls
b' we report the results of our measurement of the cross section for fast neutron production by interaction of high energy muons off carbon , copper and lead nuclei .  ⁇ n the energy spectrum and angular distribution of the neutrons were measured in the frame of the cern na55 experiment .  ⁇ n the results are compared with the predictions of the standard model .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed characterization of the ground state detection of the dc superconducting josephson junction ( squid ) .  ⁇ n the measurement is performed using adiabatic dc flux pulses .  ⁇ n the microwave part is a key point of the experimental setup .  ⁇ n the ground state detection is characterized in the two level limit and in the multilevel limit .  ⁇ n the experimental results are consistent with macroscopic quantum tunnelling theory .  ⁇ n a simple relaxation model successfully accounts for the measurement performances . '
b' we study the asymmetry in the dimension two gluon condensate in yang - mills theory .  ⁇ n we use a generalized hubbard - stratonovich transform to compute the expectation value of the electric - magnetic asymmetry .  ⁇ n we find that the asymmetry is finite and can be computed without renormalization , for all temperatures .  ⁇ n we also discuss the asymmetry in the landau gauge . '
b' we consider the possibility of detecting a triple - product momentum correlation in neutron radiative @xmath0-decay .  ⁇ n the correlation is parity- and naively time - reversal - odd , so that it vanishe
b' we present a new model for the gravitational @xmath0-matrix , which is a reduced - action model of string - gravity .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the evolutionary stage of seven compact groups of galaxies hcg 2 , 7 , 22 , 23 , 92 , 100 and ngc 92 .  ⁇ 
b' we discuss the dynamical transition from classical to quantum behaviour , assuming that quantum features originate from a dissipative process which affects all physical objects .  ⁇ n we speculate that the atomistic structure of spacetime itself is responsible for effects which are attributed to quantum mechanics , typically operating at length scales much larger than the planck length .  ⁇ n we speculate that the atomistic structure of spacetime itself is responsible for effects which are attributed to quantum mechanics , typically operating at length scales very much larger than the planck length .  ⁇ n we also speculate that the atomistic structure of spacetime itself is responsible for effects which are attributed to quantum mechanics , typically operating at length scales very much larger than the planck length .  ⁇ n we speculate that the atomistic structure of spacetime itself is responsible for effects which are attributed to quantum mechanics , typically operating at length scales very much larger than the planck length .  ⁇ n we speculate that the atomistic structure of spacetime itself is responsible for effects which are attributed to quantum mechanics , typically operating at length scale
b' we study the finite - size scaling ( fss ) of the ground - state energy density of the quantum @xmath0-state potts chains , driven by a magnetic field in their quantum ferromagnetic phase .  ⁇ n we show that the fss of the ground - state energy density is sensitive to the boundary conditions , and that the fss of the ground - state energy density is a power law .  ⁇ 
b' the structure of @xmath0c is studied with the antisymmetrized molecular dynamics(amd ) method .  ⁇ n the @xmath1 and @xmath2 cluster models are used to describe the @xmath3 and @xmath3 clusters .  ⁇ 
b' we study the effect of anisotropy on the structure of newtonian polytropes .  ⁇ n we show that the anisotropy of pressure may be caused by a large variety of physical phenomena , such as the schnberg chandrasekhar mass limit , the radial pressure anisotropy , and the tangential pressure anisotropy .  ⁇ 
b' i review the recent progress in the construction of a detailed model for the hierarchical clustering of objects .  ⁇ 
b' we study the propagation of neutrinos in a magnetized plasma .  ⁇ 
b' we report the magnetic properties of tlcu@xmath0mg@xmath1cl@xmath2 doped with nonmagnetic impurities .  ⁇ n the magnetic ground state is a spin singlet with an excitation gap @xmath3 k. the magnetic ordering vector of the impurity - induced phase is the same as those of the field- and pressure - induced ordered phases in the parent compound tlcucl@xmath2 .  ⁇ n the critical pressures obtained through the magnetization measurement and a neutron scattering experiment are @xmath4 kbar and 1.07 kbar , respectively .  ⁇ n the critical pressures obtained through the magnetization measurement and a neutron scattering experiment are @xmath5 kbar and 1.07 kbar , respectively .  ⁇ n the critical pressures obtained through the magnetization measurement and a neutron scattering experiment are @xmath6 kbar and @xmath7 kbar , respectively .  ⁇ n the critical pressures obtained through the
b' we calculate the transverse spectrum of excitations of a cylindrically symmetric condensate at zero temperature , by solving the linearized gross - pitaevskii equation in two dimensions .  ⁇ n we obtain also the modes with non - zero momentum along the longitudinal axis .  ⁇ n we study the landau damping of a transverse collective oscillation as a decay mechanism as a function of temperature .  ⁇ n the situation with the singular transverse breathing mode is also discussed . '
b' we present a theoretical study of a terahertz ( thz ) laser based on the radiative transition between two - photon and one - photon exciton states .  ⁇ n we consider a quantum well placed inside a microcavity tuned close to the resonant frequency of two photon absorption .  ⁇ n the presence of such a cavity should increase the intensity of the optical excitation of the dark 2p state and can even lead to multi - photon polaritonic effects .  ⁇ n the structure is then placed in a thz cavity of larger size , which further increases the efficiency of thz emission by confining thz photons and thus leading to bosonic stimulation .  ⁇ n we consider the case of coherent excitation at low temperatures .  ⁇ n we show that effects of decoherence play a minor role , and the system is placed in a thz cavity of larger size .  ⁇ n we show that the efficiency of thz emission can be significantly increased by using the phenomenon of bosonic stimulation 
b' the _ herschel _ multi - tiered extragalactic survey ( hermes ) is a guaranteed time key program on the _ herschel _ space observatory .  ⁇ n it consists of nested fields ranging from shallow and wide fields to deep and narrow fields observed with the _ herschel_-spectral and photometric imaging receiver ( spire ) .  ⁇ n the first two data releases of the hermes science demonstration phase ( sdp ) and the first data release ( dr2 ) included spire high signal - to - noise sources extracted from hermes science demonstration phase ( sdp ) and the first data release ( dr2 ) of maps and catalogues ( march 27 , 2012 ) .  ⁇ n this paper describes the generation of hermes point source catalogues extracted from _  ⁇ n herschel_-spire observations completed by may 1 , 2010 and released during the first extensive data release ( dr1 ) of maps and catalogues ( march 27 , 2012 ) and all observations except helms released during
b' we use dynamical systems methods to revisit the cosmological constraints on the hubble - normalized shear scalar from cosmic microwave background ( cmb ) anisotropy measurements .  ⁇ 
b' we present a mathematical framework for the study of branching processes in infectious disease transmission and vaccination .  ⁇ 
b' we study a simple model of gauge mediation .  ⁇ n we find that the model is a viable and natural scenario for cosmology and phenomenology .  ⁇ 
b' we study the dynamics of a luttinger liquid after an interaction quench in a one - dimensional ( 1d ) luttinger liquid .  ⁇ n we show that the fermi - edge exponents and dephasing rates are controlled by charge fractionalization at temporal ( and possibly spatial ) boundaries of the interaction region and by the input nonequilibrium distributions .  ⁇ 
b' we present results of wang - landau simulations of a lattice polymer with self - avoiding walk ( saw ) configurations .  ⁇ n the polymer is simulated using reptation dynamics .  ⁇ n the energy range is split into slightly overlapping subintervals , so called windows , and simulating each separately .  ⁇ n the density of states , the probability distribution and the thermodynamic properties are obtained without distortions that arise at the borders of the energy windows .  ⁇ n the adaptive windows ( aw ) algorithm is used to simulate the entire range of energies for chains up to 300 monomers on the square lattice .  ⁇ n the results of aw simulations including the entire range of energies are presented .  ⁇ 
b' we present _ chandra _ and _ xmm - newton _ observations of the radio galaxies 3c285 and 3c442a .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed analysis of the spectral energy distribution of the f2ia supergiant hd172481 .  ⁇ n the spectral energy distribution shows a mixture of two spectral types : atomic lines induced by a hot component ( @xmath0 ) and tio bands caused by a cool component ( @xmath1 ) .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new method of calculating the parton distribution function ( pdf ) in qcd .  ⁇ n the method is based on the qcd evolution equation of the dglap type , with the kernel splitting functions scheme .  ⁇ n the qcd evolution equation is solved in the qcd - qcd - qcd - qcd - qcd - qcd - qcd - qcd - qcd - qcd - qcd - qcd - qcd - qcd - qcd - qcd - qcd - qcd - qcd - qcd - qcd - qcd - qcd - qcd - qcd - qcd - qcd - qcd - qcd - qcd 
b' we investigate the topography of fitness landscapes of protein evolution .  ⁇ n we show that model - derived and experimental landscapes are significantly smoother than random landscapes and resemble moderately perturbed additive landscapes .  ⁇ n therefore , these landscapes are substantially robust to mutation .  ⁇ n the model landscapes show a deficit of suboptimal peaks even compared with noisy additive landscapes with similar overall roughness .  ⁇ n thus , the smoothness and substantial deficit of peaks in fitness landscapes could be fundamental consequences of the physics of protein folding . '
b' we present a detailed analysis of the uncertainties of galactic chemical evolution models .  ⁇ n we show that the most widely used functional form for the stellar imf is a power - law , with an exponent 1.7 .  ⁇ n we show that the salpeter imf is not suitable to describe the high metallicities observed in ellipticals .  ⁇ n we also show that the solar neighbourhood imf is not suitable to describe the high metallicities observed in ellipticals . '
b' we present a detailed analysis of the x - ray timing and spectral data on the x - ray binary 4u 0614 + 09 .  ⁇ n we find that the x - ray power spectra of the source show kilohertz quasi - periodic oscillations ( khz qpos ) , with a frequency of @xmath030% rms .  ⁇ 
b' the covariance of a binary of correlated particles is calculated by averaging over pairs of particles from different collision events .  ⁇ n the covariance is calculated by averaging over pairs of particles from different collision events .  ⁇ 
b' we study the global structure of the critical solution of type ii critical collapse in the spherically symmetric massless scalar field .  ⁇ n we find that the critical solution has a naked singularity , and that the cauchy horizon of the singularity is a continuous self - similar solution .  ⁇ n we also find that the critical solution in axisymmetric pure gravity is also a discretely self - similar solution . '
b' we present the combined results of high - speed photometric and spectroscopic observations of the chemically peculiar star hd103498 ( 65umad ) .  ⁇ n the photometric and spectroscopic observations were carried out using the high - speed photometer attached to the 1.04-m sampurnanand telescope of aries .  ⁇ n the radial velocity ( rv ) variations were found to be very small .  ⁇ 
b' in this paper , we propose a scheme for achieving diversity in a multiple access relay channel ( marc ) .  ⁇ n we assume that each user has a power limitation of @xmath0 , but the power limitation of the relay node in @xmath1-user marc will be @xmath2 which is logical .  ⁇ n we propose a detection method in the end - node , i.e. destination , being based on v - blast model in a multiple - antenna system .  ⁇ n we derive a tight upper bound on the system s bit error probability ( bep ) for both uncoded and coded transmissions , from which we show that using v - blast detection technique , we can achieve full - order diversity , being two in a two - user marc setting .  ⁇ n simulation results indicate that the bounds are tight enough .  ⁇ n moreover , results show that the proposed scheme can achieve a diversity order of two for any number of users and only one relay node , in contrast to
b' we consider the zitterbewegung ( zb ) of charge carriers in graphene in the presence of an external magnetic field .  ⁇ n we show that , in contrast to the case of no external potentials , the zb is not damped in time .  ⁇ 
b' a pedagogical review of the status of our knowledge of parton distribution functions ( pdfs ) , both unpolarized and polarized , is presented .  ⁇ n the theory and the types of data used in the fits are discussed , and theoretical issues that need to be addressed in the perturbative calculations are outlined .  ⁇ n pacs numbers : 12.38.bx , 12.38.bx , 12.38.bx '
b' we revisit the dynamics of a scalar field in the early universe .  ⁇ n we show that the scalar dynamics is far from both the scaling solution and the oscillating solution .  ⁇ 
b' a model is presented for the integrated energy spectrum of primary gamma - rays in the intracluster medium ( icm ) .  ⁇ 
b' in this paper , a novel technique is developed to analyze a class of non - gaussian input distributions over gaussian noise channels .  ⁇ n this technique allows in particular to find certain non - gaussian ensembles that outperform gaussian ones on a gaussian broadcast channel with coherent fading channel , a two user interference channel , and it allows to disprove the strong shamai - laroia conjecture on the gaussian input distribution .  ⁇ n this technique is efficient to analyze the _ competitive situations _ occurring in the network problems described above .  ⁇ n it allows in particular to find certain non - gaussian ensembles that outperform gaussian ones on a gaussian broadcast channel with a degraded fading channel , and it allows to disprove the strong shamai - laroia conjecture on the gaussian input distribution .  ⁇ n gaussian noise , non - gaussian input distribution ,
b' the grand paradox in high @xmath0 superconductivity is a consequence of a flawed hidden assumption in the theory .  ⁇ n we suggest that the superconducting and stripe states are related .  ⁇ n the paradox is a manifestation of an underlying unity , and the nodal fermions of a d - wave superconductor are mutually exclusive .  ⁇ n the paradox is a manifestation of an underlying unity .  ⁇ n a tactics is followed which is not dissimilar to the habits in string theory .  ⁇ n an alternative theory is suggested , of a highly speculative kind while its consequences are far from clear because of severe technical difficulties .  ⁇ n however , it has the special merit that it does not suffer from the paradox .  ⁇ n # 1#2#3#4#1 * # 2 * , # 3 ( # 4 ) # 4 '
b' the chirp rate of ultra - high energy cosmic rays ( uhecr ) is a strong function of the geometry of the shower , as well as the chirp slope .  ⁇ n the chirp rate can be characterized by several parameters , including the average chirp slope , the rate of change in the chirp slope , as well as the initial , final , and maximum detectable chirp rate values .  ⁇ 
b' the spin - rotation coupling is an inertial effect of intrinsic spin .  ⁇ n it is a consequence of the tendency of intrinsic spin to keep its aspect with respect to a global background inertial frame ( inertia of intrinsic spin "" ) .  ⁇ n it is shown that the spin - rotation coupling is fully relativistic .  ⁇ n an experiment to measure this effect for neutrons is discussed . '"
b' we propose a debugging method to deal with errors in quantum computing systems .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed analysis of the optical spectra of type ia supernovae ( sne ia ) .  ⁇ n we use the parameterized resonance scattering synthetic spectrum code to fit all of the sn ia spectra available to us .  ⁇ 
b' we study the spin - resolved orbital magnetization in a two - dimensional electron gas with rashba spin - orbit interaction .  ⁇ n we show that the spin - resolved orbital magnetization contributes to the spin current in thermal nonequilibrium , and therefore also to the spin nernst conductivity .  ⁇ n we also calculate the spin - dependent orbital magnetization .  ⁇ 
b' we present a chemical abundance analysis of the _ xmm - newton _ pn and rgs data of the ultra luminous x - ray sources x-1 and x-2 .  ⁇ n we find that the o and fe abundances inferred from the epic - pn spectrum of x-1 are consistent with a sub - solar metallicity environment .  ⁇ 
b' we identify and analyze a new class of quasi two - dimensional anisotropic inhomogeneous pattern forming systems .  ⁇ n the wave vector of the patterns lies close to the preferred direction ( anisotropy ) , as for the two experimental systems sketched in [ a ) a wrinkle forming system and ( b ) electroconvection in nematic liquid crystals .  ⁇ 
b' stochastic resonance ( sr ) is a phenomenon that occurs in a wide variety of nonlinear systems that exhibit stochastic noise .  ⁇ n we investigate sr in single dna hairpins driven by oscillatory mechanical forces .  ⁇ 
b' we present vlba observations of the compact symmetric object 1146 + 596 .  ⁇ 
b' we study the statistical properties of the win / loss record of the @xmath0 , @xmath1 , @xmath2 , _ etc . _ teams in major - league baseball .  ⁇ n we show that the time average win / loss record of the @
b' we present the results of a study of the near threshold production of heavy mesons in @xmath0 and @xmath1 collisions at cosy .  ⁇ n the data are analyzed in the framework of the qcd sum rules .  ⁇ n we find that the total cross section is well described by a simple model with a spectator nucleon  ⁇ n nucleon interaction .  ⁇ 
b' we present a geometric approach to weak and modular values of qubit states .  ⁇ n the modulus and the argument are used to express weak and modular values in terms of three - dimensional vectors on the bloch sphere .  ⁇ n we show that an arbitrary weak or modular value of three- and high - dimensional discrete quantum systems can be deduced from geometric quantities defined on the bloch sphere . as an application of the proposed new approach  ⁇ 
b' we study the chiral phase transition in the nonlocal chiral quark model with a nonlocal chiral quark action .  ⁇ n we show that the chiral phase transition is characterized by a discontinuity in the chiral susceptibility .  ⁇ n we also analyze the dependence of the chiral susceptibility on the strength of the diquark correlations .  ⁇ n we find that the chiral susceptibility is a function of the diquark correlations .  ⁇ n we also show that the chiral susceptibility is a function of the diquark correlations .  ⁇ n we also show that the chiral susceptibility is a function of the diquark correlations .  ⁇ n we also show that the chiral susceptibility is a function of the diquark correlations .  ⁇ n we also show that the chiral susceptibility is a function of the diquark correlations .  ⁇ 
b' we study the low - energy properties of a two - dimensional electron liquid with a partially filled landau level .  ⁇ n the effective hamiltonian is derived by integrating out all the other degrees of freedom .  ⁇ n the thermodynamic and tunnelling densities of states are studied .  ⁇ n the tunnelling density of states shows a pseudo - gap with a characteristic width @xmath0 , which confirms the result of the hydrodynamic approach .  ⁇ n the thermodynamic density of states and spin excitations are characterized by the energy scale @xmath1 .  ⁇ n both energies are smaller than @xmath2 .  ⁇ n it makes our theory complementary to the conventional fermi liquid picture .  ⁇ n the spin excitations are also discussed . '
b' we study the generation of photon pairs from a broadband pump , based on the process of spontaneous parametric down - conversion .  ⁇ n we show that , in the presence of group - velocity mismatch between the pump , signal , and idler fields , the resulting photon pair entanglement properties can be tuned by varying the group - velocity mismatch between the pump and idler fields .  ⁇ 
b' we derive a quantum weak energy inequality for the spin @xmath0 field in minkowski spacetime .  ⁇ n this bound is a state - independent lower bound on the expectation value of the smeared energy density .  ⁇ 
b' the atomic configuration of the au atomic contact in h@xmath0 and d@xmath0 environment was investigated by the conductance measurement , action spectroscopy , and phonon excitation .  ⁇ n the atomic configuration of the au atomic contact in h@xmath0 and d@xmath0 environment was determined .  ⁇ n the atomic configuration of the au atomic contact in h@xmath0 and d@xmath0 environment was determined .  ⁇ n the atomic configuration of the au atomic contact in h@xmath0 and d@xmath0 environment was determined .  ⁇ n the atomic configuration of the au atomic contact in h@xmath0 and d@xmath0 environment was determined .  ⁇ n the atomic configuration of the au atomic contact in h@xmath0 and d@xmath0 environment was determined .  ⁇ n the atomic configuration of the au atomic contact in h@xmath0 and d@xmath0
b' in this paper , we present a new , scalable and efficient data format for the analysis of high - throughput quantitative proteomics .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the consequences of using phase equivalent two - body potentials in three - body calculations based on the adiabatic hyperspherical approach .  ⁇ n we show that the short - distance behavior of the all - decisive effective radial potentials is irrelevant when the cluster model provides a valid description .  ⁇ n we also show that the short - distance behavior of the three - body observables is a consequence of the pauli exclusion principle .  ⁇ n we also show that the short - distance behavior of the three - body observables is a consequence of the pauli exclusion principle .  ⁇ n we also show that the short - distance behavior of the three - body observables is a consequence of the pauli exclusion principle . '
b' we propose a class prior estimation algorithm for high - dimensional data with noise in the labeling of positive and unlabeled examples .  ⁇ n we first formalize the problem of class prior estimation from noisy positive and unlabeled data .  ⁇ n we then extend the existing identifiability theory for class prior estimation from positive - unlabeled data to this noise setting .  ⁇ 
b' we present spectroscopic observations of the eclipsing binary system ogle - lmc - cep-1718 , a double - lined eclipsing binary system in the large magellanic cloud .  ⁇ n the system consists of a pair of classical cepheids in a 413-day orbit , and a stable red giant in a 413-day orbit .  ⁇ n we present the orbital solution of the system and the individual pulsational radial velocity curves of the cepheids .  ⁇ n we find that the two components of the system are gravitationally bound , with the additional radial velocity variability of the cepheids due to their pulsations superimposed on their orbital radial velocity curves .  ⁇ n we add new photometric data from ogle iii and ogle iv surveys to that presented by soszynski et al .  ⁇ n ( 2008 ) to the radial velocity data to obtain the orbit
b' we present a study of the x - ray emission from the nuclei of low - excitation radio galaxies ( lergs ) .  ⁇ 
b' we calculate the entanglement entropy ( ee ) of a region of a cayley tree ( ct ) , which is connected to the rest of the graph only at one point .  ⁇ n we pay special attention to the different behavior for different regions , and the physical meaning of these results .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the effect of cold flows on the growth of massive black holes ( mbhs ) in a sample of agn hosts .  ⁇ n we use a large - scale hydrodynamic simulation to study the effect of cold flows on mbh growth .  ⁇ 
b' in this paper , we put forth a nonlinear differential effective dipole approximation ( ndeda ) to investigate the effective linear and nonlinear dielectric properties of nonlinear graded composite media .  ⁇ n the effective linear dielectric constant and third - order nonlinear susceptibility of nonlinear graded composite media are investigated in the dilute limit .  ⁇ n the exact solutions for composite media having power - law gradation profiles inside the inclusions are derived .  ⁇ n the numerical results show that the effective linear and nonlinear dielectric properties of nonlinear graded composite media are quite different from those of homogeneous composites . '
b' the high - order harmonic generation ( hhg ) by hydrogenlike ions in the uniform periodic electric field formed by the two counterpropagating laser beams of relativistic intensities , at the distances much less than a laser wavelength , is studied .  ⁇ n the hhg rate is calculated in the relativistic regime .  ⁇ 
b' the @xmath0 double beta decay matrix element of @xmath1 is calculated within the quasiparticle random phase approximation .  ⁇ n the model space of the quasiparticle random phase approximation is large and allows one to describe the ground state of the intermediate nucleus .  ⁇ n the calculated matrix element is found to be in good agreement with the experimental data .  ⁇ n the calculated half - life of @xmath2 is found to be @xmath3 s , @xmath4 s , @xmath5 s , @xmath6 , @xmath7 , @xmath8 s , @xmath9 s , @xmath10 s , @xmath11 s , @xmath12 s , @xmath13 s , @xmath14 s , @xmath15 s , @xmath16 s , @xmath17 s , @xmath18 s , @xmath18
b' we have developed a new system called grape9-mpx .  ⁇ n it is a new hardware which has circuits for calculation with precision higher than double - precision .  ⁇ n it is similar to grape - multi - precision processor but is a rather larger system .  ⁇ n this means that larger number of processing elements can be implemented in the new system .  ⁇ n in addition to designing a hardware , we have been developing a programming interface named goose and lsump which enable us easily to use grape9-mpx .  ⁇ n the results are presented . '
b' we present a new method for generating axis - unstable solutions of the einstein equations for a spherically symmetric spacetime .  ⁇ n the method is based on the ade coordinate system and is a generalization of the ade coordinate system to the spherical coordinate system .  ⁇ 
b' this talk and subsequent paper focus on two aspects of the fermilab tevatron collider : electroweak physics and the physics of hadrons containing the bottom quark .  ⁇ 
b' we introduce a new syntactic characterization of the set of relations computable in a given data base .  ⁇ n our characterization relies upon the notion of partitions of the domain , where each partition represents a level of knowledge of the data structure .  ⁇ n we show that the set of relations that can be computed in a given data base is bp - complete .  ⁇ n we also show that the set of relations that can be computed in a given data base is bp - complete .  ⁇ n we also show that the set of relations that can be computed in a given data base is bp - complete . '
b' we present a quantitative comparison of the two data sets of the medium scale anisotropy measurement ( msam1 ) .  ⁇ n the msam1 - 92 and msam1 - 94 data sets are compared .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed analysis of the properties of the he0450@
b' we study the exclusive photo- and electroproduction of neutral vector mesons ( @xmath0 , @x
b' we present the results of a _ nustar _ observation of the black hole transient grs 1915@xmath0105 .  ⁇ 
b' i present the results of a study of single top production at hadron colliders .  ⁇ n the d0 collaboration has observed single top production in @xmath0 collisions at @xmath1 tev , and measured the corresponding cross sections .  ⁇ n the cross section for single top production is about half that of pairs , but the signal - to - background ratio is much worse .  ⁇ n the cross section for single top production is about half that of pairs , and the cross section for single top production is about half that of pairs .  ⁇ n the cross section for single top production is about half that of pairs , and the cross section for @xmath2 production is about half that of pairs .  ⁇ n the cross section for @xmath3 production is about half that of pairs .  ⁇ n the cross section for @xmath4 production is about half that of pairs .  ⁇ n the cross section for @xmath5 production is about half that of pairs .  ⁇ n the cross section for @xmath6 production is about half that of pairs
b' we present a statistical analysis of the evolution in the size distribution of disk galaxies in the sloan digital sky survey ( sdss ) .  ⁇ 
b' a typical scientific research project requires a variety of computational tasks to be performed .  ⁇ n the very heart of each investigation is the generation of simulation data to test hypotheses .  ⁇ n all too often scientists resort to a grab - bag of tools to perform these varied computational tasks .  ⁇ n however , most of these tools can not be pipelined easily which necessitates many manual steps or excessive glue code that most scientists are not trained to write .  ⁇ n far more important than just an inconvenience associated with gluing these tools together is the extreme burden placed on the scientist in terms of data management .  ⁇ n this paper presents a general scientific programming platform that allows scientists to generate , analyze , visualize and manage their data within the same computational framework .  ⁇ n the python programming language and associated community tools can help scientists overcome some of these problems by providing a general scientific programming platform that allows scientists to generate , analyze , and manage their data within the same computational framework .  ⁇ n the python programming language and associated community tools can help scientists overcome some of these problems by providing a
b' the effect of the space charge produced by cosmic rays and by the ion recombination in argon on the electron signal in a massive liquid argon time projection chamber is investigated .  ⁇ 
b' we present the first search for the decay @
b' vector magnetograms are useful for studying coronal evolution , because information derived from line - of - sight magnetograms alone will not , in general , be consistent with the actual magnetic field , which has field components both parallel and transverse to the los .  ⁇ 
b' the vibrational spectra of achiral carbon nanotubes @xmath0 and @xmath1 are analyzed .  ⁇ n the vibrational symmetry assignments are determined by the diagonalization of the dynamical matrix .  ⁇ n the symmetry assignments are based on the symmetry of polarization tensor components in polar coordinates .  ⁇ n the symmetry assignments are based on the direct comparison of the mode symmetry with the symmetry of polarization tensor components in polar coordinates .  ⁇ n the symmetry assignments are based on the direct comparison of the mode symmetry with the symmetry of polarization tensor components in polar coordinates .  ⁇ n the symmetry assignments are based on the symmetry of polarization tensor components in polar coordinates .  ⁇ n the symmetry assignments are based on the symmetry of the polarization tensor components .  ⁇ n the symmetry assignments are based on the symmetry of the polarization tensor components .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the thermal conductivity of diamond nanowires ( dnw ) by molecular dynamics simulation using the empirical inter - atomic potentials .  ⁇ n we show that the thermal conductivity of thicker dnw decreases with increasing temperature due to phonon phonon scattering ( pps ) , yet does not depend on temperature in narrower dnw where surface scattering is important .  ⁇ n our simulation revealed a highly anisotropic heat transport in dnw : thermal conductivity in dnw along [ 110 ] growth direction is about five times higher than that of [ 100 ] and [ 111 ] growth directions .  ⁇ n we believe that this anisotropy is originating from anisotropic group velocity of acoustic phonon modes in dnw along three different growth directions .  ⁇ 
b' the star collaboration has conducted a comprehensive study of the properties of hot strongly interacting matter at rhic .  ⁇ 
b' a model for the magnetism of itinerant electrons is introduced .  ⁇ n the model is a simplified version of the hubbard model .  ⁇ n the model is solved exactly for the one - dimensional ring .  ⁇ n the mean - field solution is presented .  ⁇ 
b' we present a number of strategies for the automated generation of scripted dialogue .  ⁇ n we discuss the advantages and limitations of scripted dialogue .  ⁇ n we then discuss some extracts from mainly scripted dialogues .  ⁇ n the paper concludes with a brief overview of the ongoing neca project in which scripted dialogues are presented by embodied conversational agents . '
b' we present the first results of a new reverberation - mapping campaign for the broad - line region ( blr ) in mrk 50 .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new model for nuclear matter based on the density dependent relativistic hadron theory .  ⁇ n the model is based on the dirac - brueckner - hartree - fock ( dbhf ) approach .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the color - magnitude relation ( cmr ) of early - type galaxies in the sloan digital sky survey ( sdss ) .  ⁇ 
b' the hyperasymptotic - weniger transformation ( h - wt ) is a new numerical method for the evaluation of saddle - point integrals .  ⁇ n the h - wt is a sequential application of a classical hyperasymptotic treatment followed by the action of the wt on all asymptotic divergent series generated by the h - wt .  ⁇ n the results obtained have shown how the 1st - order h - wt , for which only the first truncation operated on the starting asymptotic series has not to be an optimal , in the sense of superseparability , and with considerably lighter computational complexity and effort .  ⁇ n the main feature of the h - wt is that the first truncation operated on the starting asymptotic series has not to be an optimal , in the sense of superseparability , and with considerably lighter computational complexity and effort .  ⁇ n the main advantage of the h - w
b' the brain is a computational device for information processing and its flexible and adaptive behaviors emerge from a system of interacting neurons depicting very complex networks .  ⁇ n in particular , two important related aspects seem to represent the crucial core for learning in biological neural networks : the hierarchical information processing and the abstraction process .  ⁇ 
b' we present a model of a nanoscale magnetoresistive device , based on the spin transfer torque magnetoresistive random access memory ( stt - mram ) .  ⁇ 
b' we present a search for a light supersymmetric particle in the minimal supersymmetric standard model ( mssm ) , based on the lhc data .  ⁇ 
b' we present density functional theory calculations of the electronic structure of self - assembled monolayers of phenylthiolate on au(111 ) and cu(111 ) .  ⁇ n we find significant lateral dispersion of the molecular electronic states derived from the molecular orbitals of the self - assembled monolayer .  ⁇ n we also calculate two - photon photoemission spectra using dft wavefunctions and the work function of the sam / cu(111 ) system to compare with the experiments by zhu _ et .  ⁇ n al . _  ⁇ n [ phys .  ⁇ n rev .  ⁇ n lett . * 84 * , 012301 ( 2008 ) ] . '
b' we present a new analysis of the apertif / wsrt field of the sn1998bw - like sn .  ⁇ n the apertif / wsrt field was observed every week as a part of the very large array ( vla ) .  ⁇ 
b' we consider the problem of polarization for @xmath0-mixing processes .  ⁇ n we show that the asymptotic rate of polarization to deterministic distributions is as in the memoryless case .  ⁇ n this allows us to conclude that the usual asymptotic error probability guarantees of polar channel and source codes carry over to processes with memory , including well - behaved markov sources as well as the practical channel models mentioned above .  ⁇ 
b' we are developing tools to determine the ideal aperture size and energy range to use for any source .  ⁇ n these tools take into account the cataloged spectrum of the source of interest , potentially contaminating nearby sources , and emission from the galactic plane .  ⁇ n we will then generate aperture photometry for all cataloged lat sources .  ⁇ n we will provide our light curves to the community as a general service .  ⁇ n we use discrete fourier transforms and lomb - scargle analyses to search for the periodic modulation of the gamma - ray flux that is expected to be a signature of a gamma - ray binary .  ⁇ n we also investigate the snr gain provided by obtaining light curves in several energy bands with different aperture sizes at each energy band .  ⁇ n we use discrete fourier transforms and lomb - scargle analyses to search for the periodic modulation that is expected to be a signature of a gamma - ray binary .  ⁇ n we will provide our light curves to the community as
b' we present a three - dimensional formulation of the momentum space faddeev equations for three - nucleon scattering .  ⁇ n the kernel is based on angular momentum eigenstates for the two- and three - body systems .  ⁇ n the resulting integral equations are solved numerically for a realistic nucleon - nucleon force .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the possibility of gravitational waves produced during a strong first order phase transition in a generative dark sector .  ⁇ n we calculate the strength of the phase transition and find that the stochastic gravitational wave background is a function of the underlying parameters .  ⁇ n we also investigate the constraints from halo ellipticity due to dark matter self interactions , @xmath0 and direct detection prospects . '
b' the entanglement entropy of an antiferromagnetic heisenberg spin chain with boundary impurities located at two ends is investigated .  ⁇ n the entropy of ground state is calculated and the effects of the impurities are analyzed .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a scheme to generate strong steady - state mechanical squeezing in an optomechanical system via mechanical nonlinearity and cavity cooling .  ⁇ n the mechanical nonlinearity required in this scheme is achieved by coupling the mechanical mode to an ancilla system , such as an external electrode or a qubit .  ⁇ n the driving on the cavity is a red - detuned monochromatic source which generates strong optomechanical coupling between the cavity and the mechanical modes and greatly reduces the thermal fluctuations of the mechanical mode .  ⁇ n this driving , when combined with the nonlinearity of the mechanical mode , also induces a parametric - amplification process which plays a key role in generating squeezing .  ⁇ n we find that near an optimal detuning point , strong squeezing can be reached even at high temperatures .  ⁇ n meanwhile , the red - detuned driving serves to protect the system from instability .  ⁇ n the mechanical squeezing can be detected by homody
b' we investigate the galactic distribution of x - ray binaries hosting a black hole ( bh ) .  ⁇ n we use a simulated population of bh - xrbs to investigate the formation of bhs .  ⁇ 
b' we construct a new continuously self - similar choptuon at the threshold of black hole formation .  ⁇ n the critical exponent in the scaling relation for black hole mass is found to be @xmath0 .  ⁇ 
b' we consider a general markov model on a tree , which is not time - reversible nor stationary .  ⁇ n it is a generalization of the jukes - cantor and kimura models , which are time - homogeneous and time - reversible .  ⁇ 
b' i review the potential of measuring black - hole spins and confirming the predictions of general relativity , using their rapid - variability properties .  ⁇ n in particular , i concentrate on the various methods of inferring black - hole spins that are based on the observations of constant - frequency quasi - periodic oscillations from galactic black - hole binaries ( qpos ) .  ⁇ n the frequencies of these qpos depend very weakly on the observed x - ray flux and , for this reason , it is believed that they are determined mostly by gravity and not by the hydrodynamic properties of the accretion flows , such as their temperatures and densities .  ⁇ n i discuss the theoretical foundations of three types of arguments that appear to depend the least on the specifics of theoretical models .  ⁇ n i discuss the implications of these arguments for the determination of black - hole spins . '
b' we study the effect of the neutrino magnetic moment on the neutrino mass eigenstates .  ⁇ n we show that the magnetic moment of a majorana neutrino can be enhanced by a factor of two , in the case of a dirac neutrino , by a factor of two .  ⁇ 
b' we study the effect of spinor field on the evolution of the universe .  ⁇ n we show that the presence of spinor field with a suitable nonlinearity in the lagrangian gives rise to singularity - free models of the universe .  ⁇ n we also show that the presence of spinor field with a suitable nonlinearity does not necessarily lead to singularity - free models of the universe .  ⁇ n we also show that the presence of spinor field with a suitable nonlinearity does not necessarily lead to singularity - free models of the universe .  ⁇ n we show that the presence of spinor field with a suitable nonlinearity does not necessarily lead to singularity - free models of the universe .  ⁇ n we also show that the presence of spinor field with a suitable nonlinearity does not necessarily lead to singularity - free models of the universe .  ⁇ n we also show that the presence of spinor field with a suitable nonlinearity does not necessarily lead to singularity - free models of the universe .  ⁇ n we also show that the presence of spinor
b' we study the su(3 ) lattice theory with wilson fermions in the sextet representation .  ⁇ n we use the schrdinger functional method to calculate the running coupling as the scale of the background gauge field is changed .  ⁇ n we find that the discrete beta function of the massless theory crosses zero at @xmath0 , far short of the perturbative prediction .  ⁇ n if the full renormalization - group flow of the theory can indeed be summed up by this single coupling constant , then this is an ir - attractive fixed point , implying scale invariance in the ir physics of the strictly massless lattice theory defined in the catchment basin .  ⁇ n if the full renormalization - group flow can indeed be summed up by this single coupling constant , then this is an ir - attractive fixed point .  ⁇ n if the full renormalization - group flow of the theory can indeed be summed up by this single coupling constant
b' we study the dephasing of a quantum dot coupled to a quantum point contact .  ⁇ n we consider the case of a quantum dot with a coulomb interaction between electrons in the dot and in the quantum point contact .  ⁇ n we compute the dephasing rate for the coulomb interaction up to the second order in the coulomb coupling constant .  ⁇ n we show that the dephasing rate is a function of the ratio of the coulomb coupling constant to the coulomb coupling constant .  ⁇ n we also show that the dephasing rate is a function of the ratio of the coulomb coupling constant to the coulomb coupling constant .  ⁇ n we also show that the dephasing rate is a function of the ratio of the coulomb coupling constant to the coulomb coupling constant .  ⁇ n we also show that the dephasing rate is a function of the ratio of the coulomb coupling constant to the coulomb coupling constant .  ⁇ n we also show that the dephas
b' we estimate the level of contamination to the cosmic microwave background ( cmb ) radiation , on @xmath0 and @xmath1 modes , as expected after the first year wilkinson microwave anisotropy probe ( wmap ) measurements .  ⁇ n we find that the contamination to the total intensity is about a factor of two smaller than expected , and that the contamination is about a factor of two smaller than expected .  ⁇ n we also estimate the level of contamination to the total intensity , on @xmath0 and @xmath1 modes , as expected after the first year wmap measurements . '
b' we study the evolution of a low - mass core in a molecular cloud using radiation hydrodynamics simulations .  ⁇ n we find that the core is a very young and compact object , which is a good candidate for a first core .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the hi structure of the pegasus dwarf galaxy .  ⁇ 
b' we present a semi - analytic model for cosmic ray interactions for the starburst galaxy ngc 253 and the seyfert 2 galaxy ngc 1068 .  ⁇ n we find that the model accurately reproduces both radio and @xmath0-ray spectra within the confines of the observed properties of the interstellar medium and surrounding radiation field .  ⁇ n we also make a prediction of the neutrino fluxes from both galaxies . '
b' we study the ultrarelativistic scattering of two black holes in the superkick configuration .  ⁇ n we find that the recoil velocity of the center of mass is essentially identical to the _ net _ energy radiated in gravitational waves , and that the magnitude of the recoil direction is orthogonal to the orbital plane .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new 1.7 ghz _ chandra _ observation of the m87 jet .  ⁇ 
b' we study the dynamics of a bose gas in the presence of a nonthermal fixed point .  ⁇ n we show that the turbulence is characterized by a non - linear scaling law .  ⁇ 
b' we study the production of the sub - threshold meson @xmath0 in relativistic heavy - ion collisions .  ⁇ n we show that the @xmath1 ratios are sensitive to the high - density behavior of nuclear symmetry energy .  ⁇ n we also discuss the possibility of producing the dark photon ( dark photon ) in relativistic heavy - ion collisions . '
b' we report the detection of a point source ver j2019 + 407 in the cygnus region .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the role of persistent motions in turbulent relative dispersion process .  ⁇ n we carry out direct numerical simulations of two - dimensional free convection turbulence , and show that the separation probability distribution ( pdf ) can be close to the prediction of richardson s diffusion equation for slowly separating particle pairs even in the presence of persistent motions .  ⁇ 
b' in this article , we introduce new incidence structures obtained from the incidence relations between points and strict transforms of conics on the affine plane blown up at all of its rational points .  ⁇ n these incidence structures are regular ( each point is incident to a constant number of blocks and each block is incident to a constant number of points ) and any two points of them have at most one block in common .  ⁇ n these incidence structures are used to construct binary ldpc codes and study their parameters .  ⁇ n a formula giving their minimum distance is proved and their dimension is discussed .  ⁇ n two conjectures are stated on the dimensions of some of these codes .  ⁇ n the information rates of these codes turn out to be close to @xmath0 and their parity check matrices are highly redundant since they are almost square and hence contain twice more parity checks than necessary .  ⁇ n finally , simulations of these codes on the gaussian channel are done and some of them turn out to perform better than regular gallager codes having the same rates and row weight . '
b' we derive the signature of the martian orientation parameters ( mop ) in the doppler and range observables .  ⁇ n these expressions are useful in order to optimize the configuration parameters and to anticipate the observation times that maximize the signatures and the geophysical information .  ⁇ n we also give the numerical values of the signatures in the range observable .  ⁇ n we also give the analytical expressions of the signatures in the doppler observable and the numerical values in the range observable .  ⁇ n we also give the analytical expressions of the signatures in the doppler observable and the numerical values .  ⁇ n these expressions are useful in order to optimize the configuration parameters and to anticipate the observation times that maximize the signatures and the geophysical information .  ⁇ n we also give the numerical values of the signatures in the range observable .  ⁇ n we also give the numerical values of the signatures in the doppler observable .  ⁇ n we also give the numerical values of the signatures in the doppler observable .  ⁇ n we also give
b' we develop a stochastic theory of spin relaxation in semiconductors , based on a microscopic formulation of the relaxation process corresponding to the relaxation time hierarchy involved in electron thermalization , and spin relaxation .  ⁇ n the relaxation rate and fluctuation characteristics of electron orbital motion due to coupling to optical and acoustic phonons and random impurities as a bath are determined in the first stage of solution .  ⁇ n the second stage of solution proceeds with the analysis of the spin relaxation process due to spin - orbit interaction , wherein the orbital degrees of freedom are considered as an intermediary transmitting fluctuations from the phonon / impurity bath to electron spin , and , also , transferring the dissipated energy flow in the opposite direction .  ⁇ n a set of bloch equations with two distinct relaxation times ( longitudinal relaxation time , @xmath0 , responsible for spin magnetic moment relaxation , and transverse relaxation time , @xmath1 , responsible for decoherence ) is derived in both stages of our analysis .  ⁇ 
b' we study the propagation of a chemical wave in a narrowing glass capillary .  ⁇ n we show that a chemical wave slows , stops , and then disappears .  ⁇ n we discuss this phenomenon in terms of the surface volume ratio for the reaction field , i.e. , the surface can seriously affect propagation of the chemical wave .  ⁇ n we also discuss the effect of the surface on the propagation of the chemical wave . '
b' we investigate the time and scale dependent dynamics of the equal - time cross - correlation matrix of multivariate time - series .  ⁇ n we show that the eigenvalue spectrum of the cross - correlation matrix is a sensitive probe of the correlation dynamics .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new method for selecting the filter combinations in deep , deep , blank - field imaging surveys .  ⁇ n the method is based on the use of the near infrared camera ( nircam ) and the mid infrared instrument ( miri ) , which will be on board the _ james webb space telescope _ , a space mission that will be launched in june 2009 .  ⁇ 
b' we present a numerically exact method for the simulation of quantum systems , based on the hamiltonian description of the reduced density operator .  ⁇ 
b' a general theory of non - linear rheology is proposed .  ⁇ n the theory is based on the idea of liu , nagel and coworkers that some unique mechanism lies behind the profound similarities displayed by structural glassy materials , be they colloidal glasses , granular materials , foams , etc .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new approach to cavity design based on the recently proposed multi - post re - entrant cavity .  ⁇ n the cavity is a generalisation of well known one - post re - entrant cavities .  ⁇ n the posts are arranged in different two dimensional patterns or lattices .  ⁇ n the cavity is reduced to an arrangement of posts on a two dimensional lattice and investigation of the cavity properties with respect to different 2d arrangements is presented .  ⁇ n the work describes mode polarisation and frustration phenomena as well as formation of discrete whispering gallery and fabry - perot type whispering gallery .  ⁇ n the work describes a variety of physical systems , such as a fabry - perot type cavity , a fabry - perot type cavity , and a fabry - perot type cavity .  ⁇ 
b' we study the efficiency of the optical centrifuge ( oc ) process in a driven - chirped molecular ensemble .  ⁇ n we show that the oc is an example within a broad family of driven non - linear systems exhibiting a sustained autoresonance with a chirped drive .  ⁇ 
b' optimal control is a fundamental tool in quantum information processing .  ⁇ n it is a fundamental tool in the field of quantum control , i.e. , the ability to steer a dynamical system from an initial to a final state with a desired accuracy .  ⁇ 
b' we derive a lower bound on the variation of the inflaton field during inflation in terms of the ratio between tensor and scalar perturbations generated during inflation .  ⁇ n we show that if the amplitude of primordial tensor fluctuations is strongly suppressed , the lyth bound is robust .  ⁇ 
b' we construct a minimal surface in the unit @xmath0 with small mean curvature , which is a minimal surface in euclidean space desingularizing the intersection of a collection of planes along a single line .  ⁇ n the surface is a minimal surface in euclidean space , and the corresponding minimal surface is a minimal surface in euclidean space .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new exact 5d event generator for the photon angular resolution , based on the exact 5d event generator .  ⁇ n the angular resolution is compared with the angular resolution of other event generators in _ geant4 _ and _ egs5 _ , and the accuracy of these generators is assessed .  ⁇ n we also examine the accuracy of these generators to describe the angular resolution and polarimetry potential for modern detectors with very fine tracking resolution . '
b' we consider a population of nonlinearly coupled phase oscillators with different natural frequencies .  ⁇ n the natural frequencies are distributed with probability density @
b' the atlas detector at the large hadron collider ( lhc ) has been designed to measure jets in heavy ion collisions .  ⁇ n the large acceptance and nearly hermetic electromagnetic calorimeters were designed for jet measurements and are uniquely suited to perform these measurements .  ⁇ n this note highlights the current status of jet reconstruction and energy loss measurements expected to be made with the atlas detector at the lhc .  ⁇ 
b' we present a gamma - ray survey of high latitude translucent molecular clouds with the _ fermi _ large area telescope .  ⁇ 
b' we study the phase behavior of a quantum dot in the coulomb blockade regime .  ⁇ n we derive the expressions for the different scattering phases in terms of green functions .  ⁇ n we show that the phase of the transmission amplitude can depart from the friedel phase and exhibit a non - analytic behavior at the points where the modulus of the transmission vanishe
b' the evolution of the quantum fluctuations in trapped time - dependent bose - einstein condensates is studied .  ⁇ n the linear field equations are diagonalized by an eigenmode expansion .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the optical conductivity of a single hole in the holstein-@xmath0 model interacting with the lattice degrees of freedom .  ⁇ n the optical conductivity is calculated in the framework of dynamical mean - field theory .  ⁇ n the optical conductivity is found to be dominated by the incoherent contributions of the local electron - phonon scattering and spin - string excitations within the magnetic polaron .  ⁇ n the incoherent contribution of @xmath0 is mainly dominated by the local electron - phonon scattering and spin - string excitations within the magnetic polaron .  ⁇ n the incoherent contribution of @xmath0 is mainly dominated by the local electron - phonon scattering and spin - string excitations within the magnetic polaron .  ⁇ n the incoherent contribution of @xmath0 is mainly dominated by the local electron - phonon scattering and spin - string excitations within the magnetic polaron .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new spectroscopic study of the fk comae berenices ( ) , a rapidly rotating , single g5 ii giant .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the azimuthal asymmetries in the sidis and drell - yan cross - sections .  ⁇ n we use the tmd distribution functions of the nucleon to extract the spin - dependent azimuthal asymmetries .  ⁇ n we find that the asymmetries in the sidis and drell - yan cross - sections are dominated by the tmd distribution functions .  ⁇ n the drell - yan asymmetries in the sidis and drell - yan cross - sections are dominated by the tmd distribution functions .  ⁇ n the drell - yan asymmetries in the sidis and drell - yan cross - sections are dominated by the tmd distribution functions .  ⁇ n the drell - yan asymmetries in the sidis and drell - yan cross - sections
b' we study the probability distributions of money , income , and global energy consumption .  ⁇ n we show that the probability distributions of these quantities are characterized by a common pattern of inequality .  ⁇ n we also present a quantitative study of the probability distribution of energy consumption per capita around the world . '
b' we study the optical flash of gamma - ray bursts ( grbs ) in the forward and reverse shock emission scenario .  ⁇ 
b' we examine the possibility of a massless photon in the standard model .  ⁇ n we show that the stueckelberg mechanism can be used to renormalize the photon wave function and consequently of the gauge coupling constant .  ⁇ n we also show that the stueckelberg mass can be renormalized in scalar electrodynamics .  ⁇ n finally , we show how the stueckelberg mass can be used to generate a radiatively generated effective potential in the model . '
b' the baikal neutrino telescope is being deployed in the siberian lake baikal , about 3.6 km from shore at a depth of 1.1 km .  ⁇ n the main goal of the project is the detection of extraterrestrial sources of high energy neutrinos .  ⁇ 
b' we study the conformational properties of a chain of polymers , containing monomers of type @xmath0 and monomers of type @xmath1 .  ⁇ n we consider the case of a homogeneous chain with all monomers of type @xmath0 and @xmath1 .  ⁇ 
b' we present @xmath0-band images of radio sources with steeper than normal radio spectra and no detections in deep optical data to @xmath1mag ( vega ) from the noao deep wide - field survey ( ndwfs ) botes field .  ⁇ n we find that a fraction of the radio sources with @xmath2 have steeper spectral indices than normal , and that a fraction of the sources with @xmath3 have steeper spectral indices .  ⁇ n we also find that a fraction of the radio sources with @xmath2 have steeper spectral indices , and that the majority of them have steeper spectral indices .  ⁇ n we find that the majority of the radio sources with @xmath2 have steeper spectral indices , and that the majority of the radio sources with @xmath2 have steeper spectral indices .  ⁇ n we also find that the majority of the radio sources with @xmath2 have steeper spectral
b' we present a new cosmological hydrodynamic simulation of galaxy formation and evolution .  ⁇ n the simulation includes the effects of metal cooling and chemical enrichment by feedback .  ⁇ 
b' we report the discovery of a new probable magnetic cataclysmic variable ( mcv ) candidate at the close vicinity of a powerful radio pulsar psr b1737@xmath030 .  ⁇ n the mcv candidate is located at the galactic center region .  ⁇ n the suzaku spectra of the mcv candidate are well fitted by a power - law with a photon index of @xmath1 .  ⁇ n the mcv candidate is located at the galactic center region .  ⁇ n the mcv candidate is located at the galactic center region .  ⁇ n the mcv candidate is located at the galactic center region .  ⁇ n the mcv candidate is located at the galactic center region .  ⁇ n the mcv candidate is located at the galactic center region .  ⁇ n the mcv candidate is located at the galactic center region .  ⁇ n the mcv candidate is located at the galactic center region .  ⁇ n
b' we present a new approach to the minimum - cost integral flow problem for a small value @xmath0 of the flow .  ⁇ n we associate a simple polynomial over a finite field with the corresponding problem of the existence of @xmath0 mutually vertex disjoint paths of bounded total length , connecting two sets of @xmath0 terminals in a directed graph .  ⁇ n the latter problem reduces to testing the polynomial over a finite field of characteristic two for non - identity with zero .  ⁇ n we combine the demillo - lipton - schwartz - zippel lemma with parallel dynamic programming to perform the test efficiently in parallel .  ⁇ n additionally , we use the isolation lemma to construct the minimum - cost flow .  ⁇ n in fact , we infer that a minimum - cost flow of value @xmath0 in a network with @xmath1 vertice
b' i present sub - arcsecond 18 @xmath0 images of the sites of three hot molecular cores .  ⁇ n all three sites contain water masers that are isolated from centimeter radio emission sources .  ⁇ n furthermore , all three sites have been found to contain ammonia emission coincident with the water maser locations , as observed through high - resolution molecular line imaging .  ⁇ 
b' we report on a light echo around the type iib supernova sn 1993j , which was observed with the wfpc2 onboard the hubble space telescope .  ⁇ n the light echo was dicovered in an hst wfpc2 observation .  ⁇ n the light echo was detected at a significance of @xmath0 , and the light echo was detected at a significance of @xmath1 .  ⁇ 
b' we have searched for periodicities in the x - ray intensities of a sample of x - ray sources , based on the _ rossi x - ray timing explorer _ all - sky monitor ( asm ) .  ⁇ n we have detected 41 periodicities and 5 possible periodicities or quasiperiodicities .  ⁇ 
b' we consider a family of minimal symmetry groups for the more accessible variant of sudoku known as shidoku .  ⁇ n we show that there are a small number of generating symmetries for shidoku and we establish several subgroups of minimal size which generate the same equivalence relation among shidoku boards as the full group of symmetries .  ⁇ n we follow this with a discussion of burnside s lemma where we demonstrate one practical application of such minimal symmetry groups .  ⁇ n finally , we show how all minimal symmetry groups satisfying various conditions may be attained by considering equivalence classes of group actions on graphs . '
b' we study the topological superradiant state of a bose - einstein condensate coupled to a cavity field .  ⁇ n we show that the cavity - induced inter - band couplings play a crucial role in inducing the topological phase transition .  ⁇ 
b' we construct a class of non - integrable discrete klein - gordon equations free of the peierls - nabarro barrier .  ⁇ 
b' we give a new interpretation of the area law of black hole entropy and the more general and stronger holographic principle .  ⁇ n we also provide ( in our view ) convincing arguments that an important structural ingredient of the deep structure of our quantum vacuum is a network of microscopic wormholes .  ⁇ n we think that this is an important ingredient of the analysis of black hole entropy in string theory and loop quantum gravity .  ⁇ 
b' we propose that isospectral graphs can be resolved by counting their nodal domains .  ⁇ n this is a generalization of the idea of nodal counts for graphs .  ⁇ n we show that the nodal counts of eigenfunctions belonging to the same spectral value are not the same .  ⁇ 
b' a new geometry for sampling calorimeters is described , based on inorganic scintillating crystals .  ⁇ n the geometry is based on a stack of passive absorber layers interleaved with layers of an active medium made of inorganic scintillating crystals .  ⁇ n the fibres are depolished along the four long edges of the stack , to maximise the amount of scintillation light escaping the scintillator and reaching the fibres .  ⁇ n the design minimises the mechanical processing complexity compared to other geometries with grooves or holes machined through the stack .  ⁇ n the test results show a successful signal extraction and evaluate possible wavelength - shifting candidates . '
b' we analyze the relation between black hole mass and bulge velocity dispersion in the kauffmann & haehnelt 2000 model of galaxy formation .  ⁇ n we find that the black hole mass - bulge velocity dispersion relation is very tight , with @xmath0 .  ⁇ 
b' we study the complexity of a large class of modal logics , containing many important representatives .  ⁇ n we identify _ all _ cases which have an @xmath0-complete satisfiability problem , and show that the satisfiability problem for _ all _ other non - trivial logics in that class is @xmath1-hard .  ⁇ n these problems avoid the infinitely many complexity classes between @xmath0 and @xmath1 , many of which have natural complete problems arising from logical questions . '
b' the alice experiment at lhc will be the next generation facility for exploring the features of hot nuclear matter .  ⁇ n the goal is to create conditions similar to those in the early universe by colliding ultrarelativistic heavy ions .  ⁇ n we try to create a deconfined quark gluon plasma ( qgp ) for a few fm/@xmath0 and to study its properties .  ⁇ n we give a short list of some of the more popular ideas : indirect measurements of thermodynamical quantities like the latent heat of the qcd phase transition , the enhanced production of strange particles , the enhancement of hadron properties , the suppression of quarkonia like the @xmath1 meson , the suppression of quarkonia like the @xmath2 meson , the suppression of quarkonia like the @xmath3 meson , the suppression of quarkonia like the @xmath4 meson , the suppression of quarkonia like the @xmath5 meson , the suppression of quarkonia like the @xmat
b' we use the monte carlo to predict the rate of higgs and di - photon production in double diffractive collisions at the tevatron .  ⁇ n we use an ingelman - schlein model of diffraction to describe the diffractive processes .  ⁇ n we also use the di - photon process to predict the rates .  ⁇ n we find that the di - photon process is a promising process to measure in run ii . '
b' we present a study of the double electron capture ( ec ) process for neutrino mass searches .  ⁇ n we consider the decays of the daughter 0@xmath0 and 2@xmath1 states of the daughter .  ⁇ n we find that the ec process is a very sensitive tool to probe the absolute neutrino mass .  ⁇ n we also discuss the possibility of detecting the ec process in coincidence with the ec process .  ⁇ n we find that the ec process is a very sensitive tool to probe the absolute neutrino mass .  ⁇ n we also discuss the possibility of detecting the ec process in coincidence with the ec process .  ⁇ n we find that the ec process is a very sensitive tool to probe the absolute neutrino mass .  ⁇ n we also discuss the possibility of detecting the ec process in coincidence with the ec process .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed study of the thermochemical structure of the gaseous component of the inner regions of protoplanetary disks .  ⁇ n we use a simple model of the ionisation of the gas and of the ionisation of the dust .  ⁇ n we find that the gaseous component of the inner disks is a mixture of a clumpy , ionised , photon - dominated and molecular gas .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new method for constructing equilibrium models for a galaxy with an observed light distribution .  ⁇ n the method is based on the schwarzschild method , and is a generalization of the schwarzschild method to the case of a spherical , isotropic , and spherical potential .  ⁇ 
b' in this work , we propose a hybrid template update system .  ⁇ n the hybrid system is a hybrid system , where the user is represented by several sub - references evolving in parallel by using different template update methods .  ⁇ n we evaluate the efficiency of the hybrid system over several sessions .  ⁇ n we also propose two metrics to evaluate the efficiency of the hybrid system .  ⁇ n we evaluate the method with a dataset providing more samples per user than most studies of the state of the art . '
b' we present a study of non - lte effects in the abundances of light elements with respect to [ fe / h ] for metal - poor dwarf stars .  ⁇ n we find that non - lte corrections to surface gravities ( logg ) derived by lte analysis also need corrections .  ⁇ n we also find that non - lte corrections to logg and [ fe / h ] are negligible for be ii lines considered here .  ⁇ n we conclude that non - lte corrections to logg and [ fe / h ] compensate changes in be abundances ( as result of logg corrections ) in the be - fe diagram . '
b' we study the effect of the free parameters of a flat accelerating cdm cosmology recently proposed in the literature .  ⁇ n we show that the model is consistent with the constitution sample and h(z ) data .  ⁇ n in addition , there is a transition from a decelerating to an accelerating regime at redshift of the order of a few .  ⁇ n the hubble constant does not need to be small in order to solve the age problem .  ⁇ n in addition , there is a transition from a decelerating to an accelerating regime at redshift of the order of a few .  ⁇ n in addition , there is a transition from a decelerating to an accelerating regime at redshift of the order of a few .  ⁇ n such a transition happens even if the matter creation is negligible during the radiation and considerable part of the matter dominated phase .  ⁇ n we show that the transition occurs even if the matter creation is negligible during the radiation and considerable part of the matter dominated phase .  ⁇ 
b' we calculate the elastic field mediated interactions between particles in columnar liquid crystals .  ⁇ n we show that the elastic field induced interactions between particles with point topological defects are very sensitive to the particle size .  ⁇ n we also show that the interaction between particles with point defects is very sensitive to the particle size .  ⁇ n we discuss the implications of our results for the rheological behaviour of the columnar phase . ' miss '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '
b' i will review the _ chandra _ acis observations of the galactic center region , concentrating on new astrophysical phenomena .  ⁇ n i will focus on topics that are not covered ( adequately ) by other speakers .  ⁇ n i will start with our galactic center region and then move on to nearby galaxies , making connections to the evolving universe that professor hasinger will be reviewing next . '
b' we calculate the @xmath0- and @xmath1-supersymmetric yang mills theories in the framework of the superfield formulation .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new computer code to follow the secular evolution of a central star cluster surrounding a massive black hole ( mbh ) over time scales as long as a few gyrs .  ⁇ n the code is based on a monte carlo method , which is a backbone of our work aimed at a better modelization and understanding of the influence of the mbh on the stellar system .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed study of the gamma - ray emission from the gamma - ray burst mrk 501 .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed analysis of the angular distribution of the very high energy @xmath0-rays from the galactic center .  ⁇ n we consider the annihilation of dark matter particles in a cuspy halo , and we consider the annihilation of a single dark matter particle .  ⁇ n we find that the angular distribution of the @xmath0-rays is dominated by a single peak , with a peak at @xmath1 .  ⁇ n the peak is characterized by a peak at @xmath2 , with a peak at @xmath3 .  ⁇ n the peak is characterized by a peak at @xmath1 , with a peak at @xmath1 .  ⁇ n the peak is characterized by a peak at @xmath1 , with a peak at @xmath1 .  ⁇ n the peak is characterized by a peak at @xmath1 , with a peak at @xmath1 .  ⁇ n the peak
b' we present the results of ccd photometric monitoring of the optical transient of gamma - ray burst 990123 .  ⁇ n the decay light curves of the optical transient are presented in @xmath0 passbands .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of numerical simulations of lattice qft and spin models on gpus .  ⁇ n we implement monte - carlo algorithms , widely employed for simulations in lattice qft and spin models , on gpu and investigate their effectiveness on such parallel systems .  ⁇ n we show that the metropolis algorithm is more efficient than the heat - bath algorithm .  ⁇ 
b' we report an experimental demonstration of quantum teleportation from light beams to vibrational states of a macroscopic diamond sample under ambient conditions .  ⁇ n the vibrational states are carried by two optical phonon modes , representing collective oscillation of over @xmath0 carbon atoms .  ⁇ n the teleportation is verified by quantum process tomography , and the average teleportation fidelity is @xmath1 after ( or before ) subtraction of the background noise . '
b' the magnetic phases of the hubbard model in the honeycomb lattice are studied .  ⁇ n the ground state phase diagram containing ferro and antiferromagnetic order is obtained .  ⁇ n the critical lines associated with instabilities of the paramagnetic phase are obtained in the @x
b' we study the evolution of a black hole in the presence of a massless scalar field .  ⁇ n we show that the classical boundary - value problem is well - posed for moderate - sized boundary data .  ⁇ 
b' we study the motion of diffusive domain walls ( kinks ) in a two - lane totally asymmetric simple exclusion process ( tasep ) .  ⁇ n we show that the motion of the kinks are synchronised , though the number of particles in one lane is different from that in another lane .  ⁇ n we compare the solution with the results of monte carlo simulation .  ⁇ n we also discuss the validity of the mean field approximation .  ⁇ n we find that the two - point correlation function is small during the relaxation process from the independent motion of two kinks to a synchronised motion of them .  ⁇ n we also discuss the validity of the mean field approximation . '
b' we present a detailed analysis of a space experiment performed in 1992 .  ⁇ n the results of this experiment are compared with the most recent predictions of the renormalization group .  ⁇ 
b' we present a search for stellar streams in the sloan digital sky survey ( sd
b' we have developed a concept for a micro - positron emission tomography ( pet ) detector that takes advantage of all the high resolution capabilities of lxe gamma ray detectors .  ⁇ 
b' in this paper , we study the information rate capacity of diffusion - based molecular communication .  ⁇ n we first derive the information rate capacity for diffusion - based molecular communication , and then we derive the information rate capacity for diffusion - based molecular communication .  ⁇ n we then show that the information rate capacity ( maximum mutual information ) is equal to the code rate capacity ( supremum achievable code rate ) , where the former is a system statistic of mathematical importance and the latter is the real practical concern .  ⁇ n furthermore , we show that the information rate capacity ( maximum mutual information ) is equal to the code rate capacity ( supremum achievable code rate ) , where the former is a system statistic of mathematical importance and the latter is the real practical concern .  ⁇ n furthermore , we show that the information rate capacity ( maximum mutual information ) is equal to the code rate capacity ( supremum achievable code rate ) , where the latter is a system statistic of mathematical importance and the latter is the real practical concern .  ⁇ n furthermore , we show that the information rate
b' we consider the problem of spin filtering by interferometry in a quasi two dimensional electron gas .  ⁇ n we show that the yang mills gauge theory is a good approximation to the yang mills gauge theory .  ⁇ n we then propose an interference setup in the form of an electronic mach zehnder interferometer where the electron s spin transport is modulated due to the presence of rashba and dresselhaus active media .  ⁇ n we derive the conditions for perfect spin filtering that are applicable independently of the incoming spin state and the full energy range of the injected electrons . '
b' the branching ratio , forward backward asymmetry , and polarized forward backward asymmetry in the @xmath0 model are studied in detail .  ⁇ n the sensitivities of the branching ratio , forward backward asymmetry , and asymmetry parameters due to the polarization of the @xmath1 and @xmath2 baryons , on @xmath0 model parameters are investigated in detail .  ⁇ n the numerical results of these physical observables are given .  ⁇ n pacs numbers : 12.15.hw , 12.15.lk , 13.25.hw '
b' we are building a coronographic imager to be used in the thermal infrared ( 3 - 5 microns ) with ground - based adaptive optics ( ao ) .  ⁇ n the camera will be optimized to target the thermal ir ( 3 - 5 microns ) where exoplanets are thought to peak in brightness .  ⁇ n the adaptive secondary mirror at the 6.5 m mmt provides a solution to the problem of increased emissivity from conventional adaptive optics systems .  ⁇ n the adaptive secondary mirror is deformable and thus provides a solution to the problem of increased emissivity from conventional adaptive optics systems .  ⁇ n the adaptive secondary mirror at the 6.5 m mmt provides a solution to the problem of increased emissivity from conventional adaptive optics systems .  ⁇ n the adaptive secondary mirror is now operational at the 6.5 m mmt and has been optimized for the l and m bands .  ⁇ n the f/20 channel has been optimized for the l and m bands with n
b' we analyze a system , based on a tunable optical cavity filled with a nonlinear kerr medium , that may be used for the preparation of squeezed coherent - state superpositions .  ⁇ n we obtain a closed expression for an arbitrary initial state of the system and demonstrate that , under certain conditions , squeezed - state superpositions can be generated inside the cavity .  ⁇ n furthermore , we show that the squeezing degree of the produced states can be easily tuned , a feature that may lead to interesting studies in the field of quantum state engineering . '
b' we discuss the origin of loop contributions to the beta function of @xmath0 supersymmetric yang - mills theory .  ⁇ n we employ an automatically invariant , four dimensional ( minimal ) framework in which neither ward identities need to be imposed as constraint equations nor modifications in the original physical lagrangian are performed .  ⁇ n furthermore both finite and divergent parts of the feynman amplitudes are displayed which is particularly useful to discuss the subtleties involved in the corrections beyond one loop order in this model .  ⁇ n we also discuss the possible infrared mode contributions to the beta function which also affect both non - perturbative and perturbative calculations .  ⁇ n pacs numbers : 11.15.ha , 11.30.rd , 11.30.rd '
b' we calculate the tree - level contributions to the inclusive @xmath0 decay rate , which originate from the ckm - suppressed @xmath1 transitions .  ⁇ n we find that the tree - level contributions are comparable to those from the qcd penguin operators .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a new perspective for the description of the recent data on the production of neutral pions at very low transverse momentum @xmath0 measured by the large hadron collider forward experiment .  ⁇ n we assume that the wave function of one of the projectiles is probed at large bjorken @xmath0 and that of the other at very small @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the latter is endowed with a new dynamical momentum scale , the saturation scale @xmath1 , which controls the main characteristic of the particle production and whose evolution is described by an infinite hierarchy of coupled equations for the correlators of wilson lines .  ⁇ n the latter is expected to become very larger than the qcd confinement scale @xmath2 and give the scale of the running coupling constant .  ⁇ n we show that the saturation scale @xmath1 is the dominant momentum scale present in the process , which implies that @xmath3 and allows to calculate the neutral pion production at very low-@xmath3 using a perturbative approach 
b' we show that for the pascal adic , a generalization of the bratteli - vershik ( bv ) system , every edge ordering allows essentially faithful coding by the first @xmath0 edges for some @xmath0 .  ⁇ n this result is a generalization of a result of downarowicz and maass on the relations among stationary adic systems , substitutions , and odometers . '
b' we investigate the properties of mobile polyelectrolytes in multivalent salt solutions by means of computer simulations .  ⁇ n we find that the reentrant condensation of polyelectrolytes is a single - chain version of the condensation and redissolution of polyelectrolytes .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new method of constructing the best model from a set of cosmological models .  ⁇ n we use the occam s razor principle to compare the best model with the @xmath0cdm model .  ⁇ n we show that the best model is the one with the smallest value of the cosmological constant .  ⁇ n we also show that the best model is the one with the smallest value of the cosmological constant . '
b' we report directed flow @xmath0 measurements for charged kaons in au+au collisions at @
b' we study the scaling behavior of two and three dimensional systems of driven surface diffusion under detailed balance conditions and crystalline solids near their shear instability .  ⁇ n we show that these respectively two and three dimensional systems are described by a common field - theoretic hamiltonian .  ⁇ n we calculate the scaling behavior of this universality class using field - theoretic renormalization group methods . '
b' we study the spectrum of the transfer matrix of topologically ordered projected entangled pair states ( peps ) on the infinite plane or cylinder .  ⁇ n we observe domain walls in the spectrum of the transfer matrix as shadows of the true anyons in the two - dimensional world .  ⁇ n we discuss how the presence of anyons , and thus of topological order , requires a particular type of symmetry breaking in the fixed point subspace of the transfer matrix and how anyon condensation or confinement is reflected in these virtual descriptions .  ⁇ n we illustrate our results by studying the toric code model with string tension and the resonating valence bond state .  ⁇ n our results also confirm that we can construct approximate eigenvectors of peps transfer matrices using the matrix product ansatz developed for one - dimensional quantum hamiltonians . '
b' we present the first detection of the warm - hot intergalactic medium ( whim ) in the sloan digital sky survey ( sdss ) .  ⁇ 
b' we consider the non - adiabatic corrections to the lma conversion probability .  ⁇ n we calculate these corrections for propagation inside the sun and in the earth .  ⁇ n we derive the analytic formula for the probability averaged over the distribution of neutrino sources .  ⁇ n we derive the analytic formula for the @xmath0 regeneration effect in the earth .  ⁇ n we find that the @xmath0 regeneration effect is about @xmath1 per cent .  ⁇ n the lma solution , msw solution , @xmath2 , @xmath3 , @xmath4 , @xmath5 , @xmath5 , @xmath5 , @xmath5 , @xmath5 , @xmath5 , @xmath5 , @xmath5 , @xmath5 , @xmath5 , @xmath5 , @xmath5 , @xmath5 , @xmat
b' the cherenkov telescope array ( cta ) is the next generation of highly automated telescopes for gamma - ray astrophysics .  ⁇ n the cta is presently operating at its sensitivity limit or in multi - wavelength campaigns for most of its operation time .  ⁇ n if monitoring observations take place , the amount of time assigned is , by far , not sufficient .  ⁇ n a global network of several small cherenkov telescopes was proposed to be operated in a coordinated way for long - term monitoring of the brightest blazars - the dwarf network .  ⁇ n this network has to be distributed around the globe for 24/7 monitoring , preferably with temporal overlap and redundancy to account for weather and duty cycle constraints as well as for muon background reduction .  ⁇ n the prototype telescope of this network is the former hegra ct3 telescope , located at the roque de los muchachos on the canary island of la palma .  ⁇ n this network has to be distributed around the globe for 24/7 monitoring 
b' we construct a linkage that draws a rational space curve of degree @xmath0 and circularity @
b' i review the experimental results which have been used to identify the existence of a hot , dense medium in central au+au collisions at @xmath0 = 200 gev .  ⁇ 
b' we calculate the electromagnetic form factors for the neutron in a chiral lagrangian with a chiral symmetry breaking @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we find that the qcd contribution to the neutron charge is very small , and that the qcd contribution is very small .  ⁇ 
b' we develop a theory of electron spin resonance ( esr ) in the field - induced critical phase of one - dimensional quantum spin systems .  ⁇ n we focus on a shift of the esr frequency caused by weakly anisotropic spin - spin interactions .  ⁇ n we show that the esr shift in the field - induced critical phase is well explained by the form factor perturbation theory around an integrable field theory .  ⁇ n we also discuss the role of the o(3 ) nonlinear sigma model in the esr shift . '
b' we consider the squeezing of spins in the ground state of the ultracold oh molecule .  ⁇ n we consider the heisenberg uncertainty relation between the three components of the angular momentum operator .  ⁇ n we show that the squeezing is a function of the angular momentum , and that the squeezing is a function of the angular momentum .  ⁇ 
b' we study the phase diagram of the ichimatsu lattice gauge theory on the two - couplings space ( @x
b' we present a theoretical study of the fine structure of the exciton and trion complexes in cdse / cds core / thick shell nanocrystals ( ncs ) .  ⁇ n the exciton and trion complexes are calculated within a simple model , which takes into account the complex structure of the valence band and the complicated character of inter - particle coulomb interactions .  ⁇ n the exciton and trion complexes are calculated within a bogoliubov - de gennes equation .  ⁇ n the exciton and trion complexes are calculated within a bogoliubov - de gennes equation .  ⁇ n the exciton and trion complexes are calculated by solving the bogoliubov - de gennes equation .  ⁇ n the exciton and trion complexes are calculated by solving the bogoliubov - de gennes equation .  ⁇ n the exciton and trion complexes
b' we propose a new mechanism for the origin of galactic hadronic cosmic rays .  ⁇ 
b' we develop a systematic approach to the dynamical mean - field theory ( dmft ) for interacting lattice problems .  ⁇ 
b' the codalema experiment , located at the nanay radio observatory , is a new experiment aimed at the study of the electric field pattern of extensive air showers ( eas ) .  ⁇ n the main goal of the experiment is to measure the electric field pattern of eas .  ⁇ n the selection of eas candidates is presented and the electric field pattern observed on an event - by - event basis is discussed .  ⁇ 
b' we consider a four - node relay network employing amplify - and - forward scheme .  ⁇ n we introduce a new queue architecture to store the input sequences , which allows us to optimally exploit different states to do amplify - and - forward .  ⁇ n we characterize the stability region of the four - node relay network under the amplify - and - forward , which in general is larger than that under the decode - and - forward scheme .  ⁇ n we also show that the stability region of the four - node relay network is larger than that under the decode - and - forward scheme .  ⁇ 
b' we study nonlocality and nonlocality for two - qubit states .  ⁇ n we show that the bell inequality is not violated in general for two - qubit states .  ⁇ n we also show that the bell function can be used to indicate quantum phase transitions in many one - dimensional systems . '
b' we implement the individual timestep algorithm and the barnes - hut tree algorithm on the hermite scheme using grape-9 system .  ⁇ n the tree algorithm is implemented on the hermite scheme , and the interaction lists for the tree algorithm are calculated using the same interaction lists .  ⁇ n the tree structure and the interaction lists are created only at intervals of @xmath0 , and the interaction lists are used during @xmath1 .  ⁇ n the tree structure and the interaction lists are created only at intervals of @xmath2 , and the interaction lists are used during @xmath3 .  ⁇ n the tree structure and the interaction lists are created only at intervals of @xmath4 , and the interaction lists are used during @xmath3 .  ⁇ n the tree structure and the interaction lists are created only at intervals of @xmath5 , and the interaction lists are used during @xmath3 .  ⁇ n the tree structure and the interaction lists are created only at intervals of @xmath6 , and the interaction lists are used during @xmath3 
b' a general relationship between the weak coupling limits of gravity and gauge theories is discussed .  ⁇ n this relationship allows gauge theories to be used directly as an aid for computations in perturbative quantum gravity .  ⁇ 
b' we present a scaling analysis of the c - axis resistivity of high-@xmath0 superconductors .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the resurgent expansion of the sine - gordon potential in a quantum mechanical system with a non - trivial potential .  ⁇ n we calculate the multi - instanton amplitude by explicitly integrating quasi moduli parameters corresponding to separations of instanton - constituents in a semi - classical limit .  ⁇ n we find that the leading instanton contributions to the energy eigenvalue of the lowest band are consistent with the uniform wkb calculations .  ⁇ n we also calculate the contributions to the energy eigenvalue of the lowest band from each multi - instanton configuration .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed hydrodynamic model of a wind - blown bubble around a massive star , a planetary nebula ( pn ) , and a wolf - rayet ( wr ) bubble .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the relative stability of paramagnetic , ferromagnetic and antiferromagnetic ( afm ) phases of nacl - type fen .  ⁇ n we find that fen is a ferromagnetic , ferromagnetic and antiferromagnetic , with a nel temperature close to room temperature .  ⁇ n the afm phase is a ferromagnetic , ferromagnetic and antiferromagnetic , with a nel temperature close to room temperature .  ⁇ n the afm phase is a ferromagnetic , ferromagnetic and antiferromagnetic , with a nel temperature close to room temperature .  ⁇ 
b' we present alma observations of the massive protostellar disc around mm1 , a nearby archetypal massive star formation site .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a weak gravitational lensing study of a sample of 192 galaxy groups in the canadian network for observational cosmology 2 ( cnoc2 ) redshift survey .  ⁇ n the groups have a median dynamically determined velocity dispersion of 190 km s@
b' we identify and characterize the hercules - aquila cloud , a large overdensity of stars in the direction of the sagittarius stream .  ⁇ n the overdensity is seen to cross each other obliquely , whilst the tip of the hercules - aquila cloud is just visible .  ⁇ n the variation of the extinction along the strips and the fraction ( between 0 and 1 ) covered in dr5 are shown as a function of longitude at the bottom of the panels .  ⁇ n the sagittarius stream and virgo overdensity are seen to cross each other obliquely , whilst the hercules - aquila cloud is becoming more substantial .  ⁇ n the sagittarius stream is bifurcated and cleanly differentiated from the virgo overdensity , whilst the hercules - aquila cloud is becoming more substantial .  ⁇ n the sagittarius stream is bifurcated and
b' we present a detailed analysis of the _ xmm - newton _ x - ray data of the black - hole candidate during its 2002/2004 outburst .  ⁇ 
b' we present optical photometry of the companion star of the black - hole candidate lmc x@xmath03 .  ⁇ n the spectral type of the companion star is b3 , with a mass of @xmath1 .  ⁇ 
b' we study the decoherence of a quantum system in a non - markovian reservoir .  ⁇ 
b' we study the evolution of helical magnetic fields in a magnetized chiral plasma .  ⁇ n we show that the chiral asymmetry and the magnetic field can be induced by the chirality flipping reactions and the magnetic diffusion .  ⁇ n the chiral asymmetry is induced by the chirality flipping reactions and the magnetic diffusion .  ⁇ n the chiral asymmetry is induced by the chirality flipping reactions and the magnetic diffusion .  ⁇ n the chiral asymmetry is induced by the chirality flipping reactions and the magnetic diffusion .  ⁇ n the chiral asymmetry is induced by the chirality flipping reactions and the magnetic diffusion .  ⁇ n the chiral asymmetry is induced by the chirality flipping reactions and the magnetic diffusion .  ⁇ n the chiral asymmetry is induced by the chirality flipping reactions and the magnetic diffusion .  ⁇ n the chiral asymmetry is induced by the chirality flipping reactions and the magnetic diffusion .  ⁇ n the chir
b' we present a detailed chemical evolution model of damped lyman @xmath0 ( dla ) systems .  ⁇ n we use a simple model of a single - star - forming cosmological minihalo , and a simple model of a single - star - forming cosmological minihalo .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new method for calculating the retarded fields associated with a point particle moving in a fixed background spacetime .  ⁇ 
b' we study the supercritical instability of a single coulomb center in graphene in the presence of two oppositely charged impurities .  ⁇ n we show that the supercritical instability sets in when the lowest - energy electron bound level intersects the highest - energy hole bound state .  ⁇ n this behavior is characterized by the change of localization of the highest - energy occupied state from the negatively charged impurity to the positively charged impurity .  ⁇ n such a migration of the wave function corresponds to an electron and a hole spontaneously created from the vacuum in bound states and screening the positively and negatively charged impurities of the supercritical electric dipole , respectively .  ⁇ 
b' weyl geometry is a geometrical formulation of einstein gravity .  ⁇ 
b' we study the non - fermi - liquid behavior of the normal - state of the cuprates in the underdoped and overdoped regimes .  ⁇ 
b' we present thermal model fits for 13511 main belt asteroids observed during the 3-band cryo portion of the wide - field infrared survey explorer ( wise ) mission and the neowise post - cryo survey .  ⁇ n we use the w3 and w1 bandpasses to constrain the thermal emission , and thus the diameter , of the objects .  ⁇ 
b' we study the single resonant production of charged sleptons in hadron - hadron collisions .  ⁇ n we consider the production of a charged slepton , a neutralino and a charged lepton , and the production of a single top quark .  ⁇ n we find that the production of a single top quark can give a charged lepton and a neutralino , the process + + .  ⁇ n we also consider the production of a single top quark and a single top quark .  ⁇ n we find that the production of a single top quark can give a charged lepton and a neutralino , the process + + .  ⁇ n we also find that the production of a single top quark can give a charged lepton and a neutralino .  ⁇ n we also find that the production of a single top quark can give a charged lepton and a neutralino .  ⁇ n we also find that the production of a single top quark can give a charged lepton and
b' we consider the mass of the lightest neutral higgs , @xmath0 , and the charged higgs boson , @xmath1 .  ⁇ n we consider the case where the mass of the heavier neutral scalar , @xmath2 , is much heavier than the pseudoscalar higgs mass .  ⁇ n we find that the mass of the charged higgs boson , @xmath3 , can not be much heavier than the pseudoscalar , and the decay @xmath4 is kinematically forbidden .  ⁇ n we also find that the mass of the heavier neutral scalar , @xmath2 , can not be much heavier than the pseudoscalar , and the decay @xmath4 is kinematically forbidden . '
b' the effect of particle arrival time distribution on estimated density of cosmic rays is studied .  ⁇ n simulation shows that distortion of estimated density at the yakutsk array can not result in such miscalculation .  ⁇ n more substantively is the lateral distribution function ( ldf ) used for axis determination .  ⁇ n we provided axes coordinates determination with adjusted ldf for the largest events , which in average led to increase of @
b' we investigate the combined effect of electric and magnetic field on the ground state spin phase diagram of a monolayer graphene nanostructure .  ⁇ n the calculations are based on the tight binding model with hubbard term supplemented with electrostatic potential term and zeeman term .  ⁇ n the ground state spin phase diagram is constructed .  ⁇ n the results are compared with those obtained by the standard tight binding model .  ⁇ 
b' we present @xmath0 m spectroscopy of the nuclei of the interacting galaxy arp 299 obtained with canaricam on the 10.4 m gran telescopio canarias .  ⁇ n the high - angular resolution of the gtc / cc spectroscopy is approximately a factor of 10 improvement over previous mir spectroscopy of this system .  ⁇ n we use the gtc / cc spectroscopy to shed light on the processes giving rise to the deeply embedded nuclear emission in arp 299-a and arp 299-b1 .  ⁇ n we find that the deeply embedded emission in arp 299-a is dominated by star formation activity , while the deeply embedded emission in arp 299-b1 is dominated by star formation activity .  ⁇ n the gtc / cc spectroscopy of the nuclei of arp 299-a and arp 299-b1 shows that the nuclear emission is dominated by star formation .  ⁇ n the g
b' we study the critical casimir effect in a binary liquid mixture confined between two surfaces .  ⁇ 
b' the spitzer archival fir extragalactic survey ( safires ) is an offshoot of the @xmath0 enhanced imaging products ( seip ) .  ⁇ 
b' we study the spin transport in a lateral spin valve with three ferromagnetic ( fm ) electrodes contacted by nonmagnetic ( nm ) electrodes .  ⁇ n the spin - injection electrodes f1 and f3 are located outside the charge current path .  ⁇ n the spin - dependent nonlocal voltage drop is observed in the lateral spin valve system .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed analysis of the cross - peak in two - dimensional infrared spectroscopy experiments .  ⁇ n we show that the cross - peak is a signature of the intermolecular vibrational energy transfer .  ⁇ 
b' we present near - infrared integral - field spectrograph ( nir ifu ) observations of the megamaser disk galaxies ngc 4549 and ngc 4549 .  ⁇ 
b' we calculate the fermion propagator in flrw spacetimes with constant deceleration .  ⁇ n we find that the fermion propagator is a function of the deceleration parameter @xmath0 .  ⁇ 
b' i review the recent work on the rotation curves and mass models of spiral galaxies , and in particular address part of the question whether the maximum disc hypothesis is justified .  ⁇ n i also discuss arguments principally concerning barred galaxies , using arguments principally concerning barred galaxies . '
b' we show that the set of computably enumerable reals coincides with the set of halting probabilities of all universal machines .  ⁇ n we also show that the set of computably enumerable reals is arithmetically sound .  ⁇ n we also show that the set of computably enumerable reals coincides with the set of halting probabilities of all universal machines . '
b' we present a new monte - carlo method to simulate the radiation transfer and interaction with matter in smoothed particle hydrodynamics ( sph ) .  ⁇ n the method is based on the discretisation of the radiation field into a set of _ packets _ , which are chosen stochastically to obey proper physical constraints .  ⁇ 
b' we present a model for the time evolution of the electron distribution in blazars , based on the continuity equation for the particle distribution .  ⁇ n we show that the time evolution of the particle distribution is governed by the light travel time across the source , and that the photons and particle distributions are , in general , different .  ⁇ 
b' we report on the discovery of a significant overdensity of ly@xmath0-emitting galaxies around the high redshift radio galaxy tn j13381942 at @xmath11.-dominated cosmology .  ⁇ 
b' we present results of first principles calculations of the elastic constants and phonon - dispersion relations for fe@xmath0val and fe@xmath0vga .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new approach to the study of the formation and evolution of dark matter halos .  ⁇ n we focus on the phase - space distribution of dark matter in galaxy halos instead of on the motion of a mass shell ( as in infall models ) or the orbit of a simulation particle ( as in n - body simulations ) .  ⁇ n we attempt to understand the evolution of the phase - space distribution of dark matter in galaxy halos instead of on the motion of a mass shell ( as in infall models ) .  ⁇ n we focus on the evolution of the phase - space distribution of dark matter in galaxy halos instead of on the motion of a mass shell ( as in n - body ) .  ⁇ n we find that the phase - space distribution of dark matter in galaxy halos is dominated by a power - law distribution , with a steeper slope at the center of halos than that predicted by the radial infall model .  ⁇ n we also find that the phase - space distribution of dark matter in halos is shallower than that predicted by the
b' a semi - analytical model for calculating acoustic response to a line - focused laser pulse in an optically absorptive isotropic cylinder is proposed .  ⁇ n the thermoelastic regime of generation is assumed and a typical case of materials with negligible thermal conductivity is treated .  ⁇ n closed - form solution is obtained in the fourier domain to the inhomogeneous ordinary differential system with a radially distributed thermoelastic source and with the traction - free boundary condition at the cylinder surface .  ⁇ n performing two inverse fourier transforms yields the sought waveforms in the time - space domain .  ⁇ n this calculation is carried out for two different source settings .  ⁇ n one of them treats the case of an opaque cylinder by assuming a vanishingly small optical penetration or , which is equivalent , a buried source tending to the cylinder surface .  ⁇ n the other considers the actual case of an optically absorptive cylinder , where the exponentially decaying law of optical ab
b' we report on the detailed study of the electronic structure ( esr ) of rbmn[fe(cn)@xmath0@xmath1 h@xmath2o , a prussian blue analogue of a(i)m(ii)[n(iii)(cn)@xmath4 ] .  ⁇ n the esr of the bulk is remarkably well isolated from the bulk .  ⁇ n the esr line is largely broadened by the mn@xmath5-fe@xmath5 state .  ⁇ n the esr line is largely broadened by the mn@xmath5-fe@xmath5 state .  ⁇ n the esr line is largely broadened by the mn@xmath5-fe@xmath5 state .  ⁇ 
b' we study the adiabatic pumping of charge and spin through a quantum dot with two spin - degenerate orbital levels .  ⁇ n we consider the limit of weak tunnel coupling , for which we perform a systematic perturbation expansion to lowest order .  ⁇ n we find that the pumped charge and spin can be sustained by varying the parameters of the dot periodically in time .  ⁇ 
b' we present a model of the narrow - line region ( nlr ) of a sample of agn with hii regions in the vicinity of the nucleus .  ⁇ n the model is based on a photoionization model with a solar composition for the gas .  ⁇ 
b' the ilc will be able to measure very small signal cross sections and extract the masses of intermediate susy particles even from fully hadronic final states .  ⁇ n especially , to successfully extract the masses of intermediate susy particles from a fully hadronic final state , it is mandatory to reduce the background to a minimum .  ⁇ n especially , the mutual separation of both signal processes is crucial .  ⁇ n this study concentrates on the reduction of sm background using a few very basic requirements and a kinematic fit to improve separation of the chargino and neutralino signal from the same luminosity .  ⁇ n the sm background sample is available for @xmath0 fb@
b' the oscillation periods of the interlayer exchange coupling between metallic layers across a non - magnetic spacer are calculated .  ⁇ n the relation between the oscillation periods and the fermi surface of the spacer is clarified and in addition to the usual periods , the general conditions for occurrence of non - rkky behaviour are clarified .  ⁇ 
b' we present the first galaxy count at 450@xmath0 m through the cores of seven massive cluster lenses .  ⁇ n the 450-@xmath0 m scuba lens survey data were taken in a range of ( generally exceptional ) atmospheric conditions .  ⁇ 
b' the czochralski process is a promising replacement for the float zone silicon that is used in the cms strip tracker .  ⁇ n the czochralski process is based on a cold box developed by the vienna hep group for long - term testing of cms silicon strip modules during the construction period .  ⁇ n the czochralski process is carried out in the presence of a magnetic field .  ⁇ n the concentration of oxygen can be precisely controlled .  ⁇ n the czochralski process is carried out in the presence of a magnetic field .  ⁇ n the czochralski process is carried out in a magnetic field of @xmath0 g. the czochralski process is able to produce a large area wafer , which is a promising replacement for the float zone silicon .  ⁇ 
b' we present moderate resolution ( r @xmath0 2000 ) @xmath1-band spectra of three of the brightest cataclysmic variables ( cvs ) : ss cyg , ru peg , and gk per .  ⁇ n the spectra are modeled using a modified version of the moog spectral synthesis program , and the atomic and molecular abundances are derived .  ⁇ n the atomic abundances are found to be systematically lower than expected for the secondary stars , and the atomic abundances are found to be significantly lower than expected .  ⁇ n the atomic abundances are found to be systematically lower than expected , and the atomic abundances are found to be significantly lower than expected .  ⁇ n the atomic abundances are found to be systematically lower than expected , and the atomic abundances are found to be significantly lower than expected .  ⁇ n the atomic abundances are found to be significantly lower than expected , and the atomic abundances are found to be significantly lower
b' we study the collisional relaxation of a self - gravitating system in two dimensions .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a _ chandra _ acis - s observation of the type ia supernova ( sn ) 2011fe .  ⁇ 
b' we present a seismic map of the sun s activity .  ⁇ n the map is based on the mdi data , which contains coefficients up to @xmath0 for about 2000 p- and f - modes .  ⁇ 
b' a number of smartphone apps and mobile social networks have entered the market , promising to offer features like anonymity , ephemerality , and/or end - to - end encryption ( e2ee ) .  ⁇ n while it is not that uncommon to claims like  ⁇  military - grade encryption '' or  ⁇  nsa - proof '' in the description of these apps , little work thus far has actually analyzed the guarantees they provide .  ⁇ n this motivates the need for a systematic study of a careful selection of such apps .  ⁇ n we compile a list of 18 apps that offer e2ee , anonymity and/or ephemerality , focusing on 8 popular ones ( confide , frankly chat , secret , snapchat , telegram , whisper , wickr , and yik yak ) .  ⁇ n we review their functionalities and perform an empirical evaluation , based on _static _ and _ dynamic _ analysis , aimed to compare the claims
b' this study proposes * abc*-boost ( * * a**daptive * * b**ase * * c**lass boost ) for multi - class classification .  ⁇ n abc - boost is based on two key ideas : 1 . for multi - class classification , popular loss functions for the classes usually assume a constraint such that only the values for the classes are needed .  ⁇ n 2 . at each boosting step , although the base class is not explicitly trained , it will implicitly benefit from the training on the base class which has the  ⁇  worst '' performance .  ⁇ n thus , we adaptively choose the base class which has the  ⁇  worst '' performance .  ⁇ n we present * abc*-boost , a concrete implementation of abc - boost .  ⁇ n our abc - mart differs from the original mart algorithm only in a few lines of code .  ⁇ n our experiment results on publicly available data sets will demonstrate that abc - mart could considerably improve mart 
b' we present results for the conductivity and renormalized site energies of the two dimensional anderson - hubbard model .  ⁇ n we find that while increasing the onsite repulsion @xmath0 can drive an anderson insulating phase metallic , there appears to be no sharp signature of this transition in the variance of the renormalized site energies .  ⁇ n this suggests that the metallic phase arises at least partially from an additional mechanism beyond a simple screening of the one - body potential .  ⁇ n we also find that in the metallic phases we identify as metallic the localization length is less than the lattice size .  ⁇ n we also find that the localization length is less than the lattice size .  ⁇ n this suggests that the metallic phase arises at least partially from an additional mechanism beyond a simple screening of the one - body potential . '
b' we study the @xmath0 and @xmath1 signatures @xmath2 for different values of the susy soft breaking parameters in the minimal supergravity model .  ⁇ n we observe a characteristic change in the shape of dilepton mass spectra in @xmath4 versus @xmath5 final states reflecting the decrease of @xmath6 branching ratio .  ⁇ n we also study the non msugra modifications of the cms test point lm1 with arbitrary relations among gaugino and higgsino masses .  ⁇ n we also study the non msugra modifications of the cms test point lm1 with arbitrary relations among gaugino and higgsino masses .  ⁇ n we show that the number of lepton events depends rather strongly on the relations among gaugino and higgsino masses and in some modifications of test point lm1 with arbitrary relations among gaugino and higgsino masses .  ⁇ n we also study the non msugra modifications
b' we present a model of the modulated poisson ( mop ) model for the response of sensory neurons to a stimulus .  ⁇ n the model is based on a gaussian process , and a time - varying latent gain signal .  ⁇ n we develop statistical inference procedures for extracting both the latent gain signal and the parameters of the stimulus - response dependence .  ⁇ n we test these procedures on simulated data , and demonstrate the success of the model in explaining electrophysiological data obtained from auditory neurons in the anesthetized ferret . '
b' we investigate the response of the electromagnetic field to the combined effect of plasma screening and curved space - time in the vicinity of a neutron star .  ⁇ n we compute general - relativistic solutions in the force - free approximation .  ⁇ n we show that the electric field induced by the plasma screening can significantly distort the parallel component of the electric field with respect to the magnetic field .  ⁇ n this can have important implications for particle creation , acceleration and radiation in the polar caps .  ⁇ n we also investigate the effect of the curved space - time on the electric field .  ⁇ n we find that the electric field is strongly affected by the plasma screening and the curved space - time .  ⁇ n we also find that the electric field is strongly affected by the plasma screening and the curved space - time .  ⁇ n we also find that the electric field is strongly affected by the plasma screening and the curved space - time .  ⁇ n we also find that the electric field is strongly affected by the plasma screening and the curved space - time .  ⁇ 
b' we study the number statistics of density fluctuations of a fermionic cloud in the bec - bcs crossover regime .  ⁇ n we show that the statistics of the mean - field bcs wave function is poissonian , i.e. that of independent pairs of atoms .  ⁇ n the statistics in the bec limit are strongly suppressed and reflect the particle - hole symmetry .  ⁇ n the statistics in the bec limit differs strongly from both the bcs and bec limits and are discussed based on several numerical results . '
b' the space - time geometry that is commonly used today arose from classical physics .  ⁇ n it was suggested that the universal symmetry group elements which act on all hilbert spaces may be appropriate for constructing a physical geometry for quantum theory .  ⁇ n this is suggested by the relation defined by the universal group elements , which constitute the symmetry group of physics , that act on all hilbert spaces .  ⁇ n the classical limit of this geometry is obtained as the usual space - time geometry from the quantum state metric in hilbert spaces and the universality of the action of the translational group in every hilbert space .  ⁇ n the non locality of fundamental interactions in quantum physics implied by this approach , as shown physically by the aharonov - bohm effect , is studied .  ⁇ n the study of the gravitational aharonov - bohm effect around a cosmic string in particular suggests that the use of universal group elements as quantum distances may be appropriate . '
b' we construct a general formulation of statistical mechanics for studying low reynolds number swimmers that undergo conformational changes in a stochastic manner pertinent to systems of molecular scale .  ⁇ n we attribute transition rates to each deformation move or swimming stroke , and calculate the propulsion velocity as a function of these rates .  ⁇ n we apply the formulation to the example of the three - sphere swimmer model , which yields interesting results . '
b' we present a new method for calculating the momentum transfer between the fermions in qed .  ⁇ n the method is based on the momentum space lattice method .  ⁇ 
b' we present a nonlinear matrix factorization method for detecting and deconvolving cellular signals from microendoscopic calcium imaging data .  ⁇ 
b' we study the motion of a test particle in geometrized newtonian gravitation .  ⁇ n we show that the motion of a test particle is governed by the geodesic principle , which states that in the absence of external forces , a body will move along a straight line at constant velocity .  ⁇ n we also show that the geodesic principle is preserved , _ mutatis mutandis _ , in general relativity .  ⁇ n we show that the geodesic principle is preserved in the presence of a spherically symmetric spherically symmetric spherically symmetric spherically symmetric spherically symmetric spherically symmetric spherically symmetric spherically symmetric spherically symmetric spherically symmetric spherically symmetric spherically symmetric spherically symmetric spherically symmetric spherically symmetric spherically symmetric spherically symmetric spherically symmetric
b' the transmission of a one - dimensional periodic array of @xmath0 dirac delta potentials is investigated .  ⁇ n the transmission amplitude of n unit cells is expressed by the transmission of one unit cell .  ⁇ n the poles of the transmission amplitude in the complex energy plane are calculated numerically and a definite structure of the poles in the complex energy plane shows up .  ⁇ n an analytical expression is derived for the imaginary part of the poles and it is shown that it scales with @xmath1 , where @xmath0 is the number of unit cells in the system .  ⁇ n the agreement with the numerical results is excellent . '
b' we study the impact of accretion bursts on the chemical evolution of protoplanetary discs .  ⁇ n we use a simple model of a protoplanetary disc with a normal density and a _ normal _ density , and a _  ⁇ n gravo - magnetic cycle _ , in which the accretion bursts are triggered by thermal ionisation .  ⁇ 
b' we present cosmological mhd simulations of galaxy cluster formation with the magnetic field injection from an active galactic nucleus ( agn ) .  ⁇ n we explore the scenario that cluster - wide magnetic fields initially came from the magnetic fields of an agn .  ⁇ n we also describe the properties of the icm turbulence and demonstrate the existence of dynamo in the icm .  ⁇ 
b' we study the effect of temperature on the electric field domains and current self - oscillations in voltage biased semiconductor superlattices .  ⁇ n we derive a discrete drift - diffusion model from microscopic sequential tunneling models .  ⁇ n we show that increasing temperature facilitates current self - oscillations in the second plateau .  ⁇ n furthermore , our numerical results agree with the available experimental data and explain qualitatively why regions of stationary states alternate with regions of self - oscillations in the temperature voltage phase diagram .  ⁇ n finally , on the basis of our numerical simulations , we explain why the frequency may have local maxima in the voltage intervals where self - oscillations occur . '
b' we report the discovery of a transiting jupiter - sized planet , xo-5b , that transits the g8v , v=12.1 star gsc 02959 - 00729 ( xo-5 ) with an orbital period , p@xmath0 4 days .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed kinetic model of a non - relativistic collisionless shock , based on the kinetic equations of motion of the plasma .  ⁇ 
b' we study the dynamics of a closed system pumped by incoherent light .  ⁇ n we use the hierarchical equations of motion ( heom ) as a non - perturbative description of both the phonon bath and photon radiation .  ⁇ n we further introduce a decay channel , which defines an observation window for the induced exciton dynamics .  ⁇ n we show that the amount of dynamical coherence generated under sunlight pumping is constant , inversely proportional to the exciton energy gap , but decreases if normalized by the linearly growing exciton populations .  ⁇ n we analyze the amount of dynamic coherence for different coherence times of the radiation and show that for very incoherent radiation , the white - noise model ( wnm ) is the most appropriate model .  ⁇ 
b' we report the discovery of a significant @xmath0-ray excess in the circinus galaxy using 4 years of _ fermi_-lat data .  ⁇ 
b' we study the statistical properties of transfer matrices of spin models .  ⁇ n we show that the integrability of the model can be seen on the statistical properties of the entire spectrum of transfer matrices of vertex models .  ⁇ n this allows to locate all the known integrable varieties in the parameter space .  ⁇ 
b' we formulate necessary conditions for side injected electrons to penetrate into the wakefield .  ⁇ n we assume electrons are injected at a small angle to the direction of driver propagation and show that there is an optimum value of this angle .  ⁇ n we analyze the equation obtained and find unified laws of electron penetration into the wakefield .  ⁇ n we generalize the formalism to laser - driven wakes . '
b' we present a theoretical study of the coefficients of thermal expansion ( ct
b' we present the results of a survey of damped ly@xmath0 systems ( dlas ) in the sloan digital sky survey data release 5 .  ⁇ 
b' in a recent paper , morisset et al .  ⁇ n ( 2016 ) presented photoionization models for the califa survey of h ii regions .  ⁇ n the main idea is to obtain models for each one of @xmath0 9,000 h ii regions that reproduce the observed line ratio .  ⁇ n the main idea is to use the stellar population determined by the analysis of the underlying emission to compute the ionizing spectral energy distribution ( sed ) .  ⁇ n the o / h abundance was determined from strong line method ( from here the name of  ⁇  hybrid models '' ) .  ⁇ n the o / h abundance was determined from strong line method ( from here the name of  ⁇  hybrid models '' ) .  ⁇ n the o / h abundance was determined from the analysis of the underlying emission .  ⁇ n the o / h abundance was determined from the analysis of the underlying emission .  ⁇ n the n / o abundance ratio was determined from the analysis
b' we study the quantum statistical properties of the electromagnetic field in a dispersing and absorbing dielectric structure .  ⁇ n the system is modeled by a gaussian - like hamiltonian , where the field operators are expressed in terms of a continuous set of fundamental bose fields via the green tensor of the classical problem .  ⁇ n the theory is based on a source - quantity representation of the electromagnetic field , where the field operators are expressed in terms of a continuous set of fundamental bose fields via the green tensor of the classical problem .  ⁇ n the theory is based on a source - quantity representation of the electromagnetic field , where the field operators are expressed in terms of a continuous set of fundamental bose fields via the green tensor of the classical problem .  ⁇ n the theory is applied to the problem of three - dimensional input - output relations at multilayer plates .  ⁇ 
b' we present a microscopic approach to the non - perturbative dynamics of @xmath0 gauge theories in the chiral sector .  ⁇ n the general observable that we compute is the expectation value of an arbitrary chiral operator , [ genvev ] o(,q ) .  ⁇ n such expectation values can not be corrected in perturbation theory , but they get very non - trivial and interesting non - perturbative correction
b' we present a study of the environment of a compact qua
b' we investigate the physics of a relativistic jet / outflow from a tidal disruption event ( tde ) .  ⁇ n we consider a two - component jet model with a baryon - poor jet and a baryon - rich outflow .  ⁇ n the baryon - poor jet is driven by the blandford - znajek ( b - z ) mechanism , and the baryon - rich outflow is launched centrifugally via the open field lines penetrating the event horizon .  ⁇ n the b - p process is a powerful mechanism to collimate the central jet .  ⁇ n the b - p process is a powerful mechanism to collimate the central jet .  ⁇ n the b - p process is a powerful mechanism to collimate the central jet .  ⁇ n the b - p process is a powerful mechanism to collimate the central jet .  ⁇ 
b' in this review paper we focus on the modelling and the performance of carousel systems .  ⁇ n we consider the problem of estimating the travel times and picking times of items in a system of several carousels .  ⁇ n we show that the performance of a system of several carousels is a function of the picker s position .  ⁇ n we also show that the picker s idle time between picking items from different carousels is a measure of the performance of the system .  ⁇ n we also show that the picker s idle time is a measure of the performance of the system .  ⁇ n we also show that the picker s idle time is a measure of the performance of the system .  ⁇ 
b' this article studies minimum contrast estimators ( mces ) of parameters of gegenbauer random fields .  ⁇ n the mce methodology has been widely applied in different statistical frameworks .  ⁇ 
b' we study the ground state properties of cylindrical systems made of rolled square lattices ( multichannel systems ) , without disorder but with coulomb potential , long or short range .  ⁇ n we show that , in the presence of a static magnetic field parallel to the cylindrical axis , the ground state properties of these systems can be influenced by the coulomb potential .  ⁇ 
b' we construct a multi - caloron solution of the atiyah - drinfeld - hitchin - manin ( adhm ) - nahm fourier construction , in the algebraic gauge .  ⁇ n the holonomy of the gauge fields is periodic in the time direction @
b' we study the dynamics of a gas of ultracold atoms in a ring lattice .  ⁇ n we show that the eigenenergies and correlation properties of the many - body excitations can be obtained analytically in the limit of strong laser driving .  ⁇ n we discuss how these states can be excited in an experiment . '
b' we investigate the emergence of thermodynamics in a simple , yet , macroscopic system black - holes .  ⁇ n we show that : a. hawking temperature is given by the rate of change of the entropy of entanglement across the horizon with regard to the system energy .  ⁇ n b. the information lost across the horizon is related to black hole entropy and laws of black hole mechanics emerge from entanglement across the horizon . '
b' we report the observation of rotation of elongated particles in a tem@xmath0 gaussian beam trap , using a plane polarized beam to align the particle with the plane of polarization , a rotating plane polarized beam to rotate the particle at a controlled rate , or a circularly polarized beam to rotate the particle with constant torque .  ⁇ n our theoretical results agree with our experimental results , and also show that it is possible to measure the optical torque applied to the particle , using purely optical means .  ⁇ n this method is of interest for monitoring the torque , and can be used as a quantitative tool to determine physical properties such as viscosity or elasticity . '
b' we present a general overview of the density matrix renormalization group ( dmrg ) .  ⁇ 
b' the opera experiment is a hybrid detector made of two identical super modules ( sm ) each consisting of a target section of about 625 tons made of emulsion / lead emulsion cloud chamber modules ( hereafter called bricks ) , of a scintillator tracker detector ( tt ) needed to trigger the read - out and localize neutrino interactions within the target , and of a muon spectrometer .  ⁇ n the detector is equipped with an automatic machine ( the brick manipulator system ) that allows the online removal of bricks from the detector .  ⁇ n ancillary , large facilities are used for the handling , the development and the scanning of the emulsion films .  ⁇ n the emulsion scanning is performed with two different types of automatic microscopes : the european scanning system ( ess ) and the japanese s - uts .  ⁇ n the ancillary , large facilities are used for the handling , the development and the scanning of the emulsion
b' we present a detailed study of the out - of - equilibrium dynamics of the hamiltonian mean field model .  ⁇ n we have found three types of quasi - stationary states , starting from the same water - bag initial condition with unitary magnetization .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of our subaru cosmos 20 project .  ⁇ n we used 20 filters in the optical covering from 400 nm to 900 nm : six broad - band ( @xmath0 , @xmath1 , @xmath2 , @xmath3 , @xmath4 , and @
b' we propose a new mechanism for the generation of the electric current in the blandford - znajek process .  ⁇ n the current is driven by the electric current in the non - ideal magnetohydrodynamic region , and the electric current is driven in the time - dependent state .  ⁇ n the steady current circuit is maintained without any current driving source , because the force - free plasma has no resistivity .  ⁇ n the steady current circuit is maintained without any current driving source , because the force - free plasma has no resistivity .  ⁇ n the current circuit is maintained without any current driving source , because the force - free plasma has no resistivity . '
b' we study the r - parity - violating ( rpv ) signals of supersymmetry in the context of the simplest supersymmetric extension of the standard model .  ⁇ n we show that the rpv signals of the mssm can be probed by the lcs in the energy range from 500 gev to 3 tev .  ⁇ n we also show that the rpv signals of the mssm can be probed by the lcs in the energy range from 500 gev to 3 tev .  ⁇ n we also show that the rpv signals of the mssm can be probed by the lcs in the energy range from 500 gev to 3 tev .  ⁇ n lcs , rpv , supersymmetry , lcs , rpv '
b' we study the metastability of a dipolar bose - einstein condensate in the flattened regime .  ⁇ n we develop an analytic model in which we consider sharp density spikes ( i.e. local collapses ) forming on top of a condensate .  ⁇ n this enables us to quantify the energy barrier to collapse .  ⁇ n we then introduce a finite temperature dynamical model by extending the gross - pitaevskii equation to include dipole - dipole interactions .  ⁇ n our simulations demonstrate thermally activated local collapse events and support our density spike model . '
b' we consider the incoherent photoproduction of pseudoscalar mesons off nuclei at small angles .  ⁇ n the photoproduction cross section is calculated in the glauber multiple scattering theory .  ⁇ n the amplitude of the process is calculated in the glauber multiple scattering theory .  ⁇ n the resulting expressions are compared with the widely used expressions for the incoherent photoproduction of pseudoscalar mesons off nuclei .  ⁇ 
b' we study the quantum universe in the framework of the frw model with positive spatial curvature .  ⁇ n the quantum equation which is an analog of the schrdinger equation and turns into the wheeler - dewitt one for the minisuperspace model in special case .  ⁇ n we discuss the properties of the wave function of the universe and study the universe in low - lying and highly exited quasistationary states on the basis of exact solution of the proposed quantum equation .  ⁇ n we calculate the proper dimension of the nonhomogeneities of matter density and the amplitude of the fluctuations of the cosmic background radiation temperature in highly exited state of the universe and propose a new possible quantum mechanism of their origin .  ⁇ n the results are compared with the observed parameters of our universe .  ⁇ n the flatness of the universe is dominated by the quantum effects of matter and gravitational fields .  ⁇ n the amplitude of the fluctuations of the cosmic background radiation temperature is dominated by the quantum effects of matter and gravitational fields .  ⁇ n the amplitude of the fluctuations of the cosmic background
b' we present a detailed study of the magnetic properties of la@xmath0ce@xmath1ce@xmath2cuo@xmath3 thin films .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a 1.4 ghz 1.4 ghz scuba survey of the sloan digital sky survey ( sdss ) .  ⁇ 
b' we study the ground state of a quantum spin chain with a gaussian noise , characterized by a gaussian noise .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a coarsened model of melting in binary systems with limited miscibility of components .  ⁇ n the model is based on the structural states of the system small parts .  ⁇ n the model is then a simplification of the model that allows one to understand the melting behavior in terms of the local order .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new , objective , sdss rass cluster survey .  ⁇ 
b' the independent metropolis hastings algorithm is a powerful tool for parallelizing markov chain monte carlo algorithms .  ⁇ n it is based on the fact that the proposal distribution does not depend on the current state of the markov chain .  ⁇ 
b' we study the spontaneous radiation of high density frenkel excitons in a semiconductor microcavity .  ⁇ n the non - resonant interaction between the excitons and a single - mode cavity field is analyzed .  ⁇ n the stationary spectrum of the excitons , which are initially in the number state or the superposed state of two different number states , is presented .  ⁇ n the superradiant nature of the exciton radiation is demonstrated .  ⁇ n the superradiant behavior of the exciton radiation is also discussed . '
b' we present a detailed study of the @xmath0 intruder states and associated bands in the neutron - deficient @xmath1 and @xmath2 nuclei .  ⁇ 
b' we present a fluid dynamics video of a gas - injecting needle placed into a shallow liquid pool .  ⁇ n the movie consists of a spherical droplet stream , a static deformation , and a tumbling flow .  ⁇ n the droplet stream is characterized by a spherical shape , a parabolic arch , and a lower droplet stream .  ⁇ n the droplet stream is chaotic , with large bubbles sporadically form at the fluid interface , and jets emitted from the bubble surface .  ⁇ n the resulting bubble streams are incoherent , and a daredevil shooting out of a canon . '
b' we construct a family of stationary measures for which the excess entropy of a discrete - valued process is @xmath0 , where @xmath1 .  ⁇ n we show that the excess entropy of a nonsingular gaussian autoregressive moving average process is finite .  ⁇ n we also construct a family of stationary measures for which the excess entropy is @xmath2 .  ⁇ n we also construct a family of stationary measures for which the excess entropy is finite . '
b' we calculate the relaxation time of a single - domain ferromagnetic nanoparticle in the presence of exchange interaction .  ⁇ n the system is described by a langer - type equation , which is solved numerically .  ⁇ 
b' we present near - infrared ( nir ) and mid - infrared ( mir ) observations of the fu ori object ( fuor ) v1647 ori .  ⁇ 
b' i compute the gluon self - energy in a two - flavor color superconductor to one - loop order in perturbation theory .  ⁇ 
b' we report neutron diffraction measurements on two different sizes of monodisperse spherical mno nanoparticles .  ⁇ n the 8 ( 13 ) nm sample shows an antiferromagnetic transition at @xmath0 @xmath1 118 k-120 k .  ⁇ n the mn magnetic moment is about 80@xmath3 of the bulk value of 4.89 @xmath2/mn .  ⁇ n the surface to total ratio is about 20 % which appears to explain the reduction in the moment .  ⁇ n the magnetic moment is similar in both samples and is about 80@xmath3 of the bulk value of 4.89 @xmath2/mn .  ⁇ n the surface to total ratio is about 20 % which appears to explain the reduction in the moment . '
b' we study the dynamics of a polariton condensate in a harmonic trap .  ⁇ n we consider a system of two exciton - polaritons , each of which is confined to a single cavity .  ⁇ n we find that the system exhibits a variety of patterns , including vortices , vortex lattices , and vortex lattices .  ⁇ 
b' the kinematic viscosity of galactic disks is a key quantity to understand the formation of stars and the evolution of the stellar population .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of the isophot far - infrared survey of four regions at high galactic latitude at 90 , 150 , and 180 @xmath0 m .  ⁇ n the fir point source counts are analyzed .  ⁇ 
b' the effective lagrangian of the vector meson dominance model is constructed .  ⁇ n the gauge group @xmath0 is used to describe the electromagnetic and strong meson - meson and quark - meson interactions .  ⁇ n the chiral symmetry is spontaneously broken .  ⁇ 
b' we present the first ground - based imaging of the 200 @xmath0 m atmospheric window .  ⁇ n the thumper is a prototype camera built at cardiff university to demonstrate the viability of carrying out high - resolution imaging at this frequency from the ground .  ⁇ 
b' we present a review of the properties of starbursts in nearby disk galaxies .  ⁇ 
b' multiple sclerosis ( ms ) is a neurodegenerative and chronic disease of the central nervous system characterized by damage to the myelin sheaths .  ⁇ n ms patients are typically grouped into three classes according to their disease course : _  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed analysis of the x - ray and gamma - ray emission from the galactic center .  ⁇ n we find that the x - ray emission is dominated by a luminous ir source , a source of x - rays , and a source of gamma - rays .  ⁇ n the x - ray emission is dominated by a luminous ir source , a source of gamma - rays , and a source of gamma - rays .  ⁇ n the x - ray emission is dominated by a luminous ir source , a source of gamma - rays , and a source of gamma - rays .  ⁇ n the x - ray emission is dominated by a luminous ir source , a source of gamma - rays , and a source of gamma -
b' we present a new technique for computing the weak - noise asymptotics of the mean first passage time ( mfpt ) to a barrier .  ⁇ n our technique is applicable to systems without detailed balance , whose dynamics are determined by non - gradient drift fields , or are otherwise time - irreversible .  ⁇ 
b' we consider the problem of aligning reference frames , that is , sending a token of a bounded size to a receiver .  ⁇ n we show that if the token of a reference frame is associated with a continuous degree of freedom , then the token of the reference frame that is transmitted to bob is of bounded size .  ⁇ n this bound leads to a nonzero probability of error in the decoding of messages .  ⁇ n we also show that if the token of a reference frame is associated with a continuous degree of freedom , then the token of a reference frame that is transmitted to bob is of bounded size .  ⁇ n we show that if the token of a reference frame is associated with a continuous degree of freedom , then the token of a reference frame that is transmitted to bob is of bounded size .  ⁇ n we also show that if the token of a reference frame is associated with a continuous degree of freedom , then the token of a reference frame that is transmitted to bob is of bounded size .  ⁇ n
b' the heidelberg dark matter search ( hdm
b' we discuss the connection between the yang - baxter equations and the condition of discrete holomorphicity .  ⁇ n we show that the yang - baxter equations can be solved to obtain the critical boltzmann weights of the o@xmath0 loop model .  ⁇ n we also discuss the yang - baxter equations at criticality . '
b' we present the results of a blind search for co emission lines at mm wavelengths in the submillimeter galaxy smmj14009 + 0252 .  ⁇ 
b' we study the fractional quantum hall effect in a bose - einstein condensate confined in an optical lattice .  ⁇ n we show that the fractional quantum hall effect persists for finite interactions .  ⁇ n we also show that the fractional quantum hall effect persists for finite interactions .  ⁇ n we also provide further evidence for this claim by calculating the topological order of the system .  ⁇ n these calculations thus characterize the order in the system even for parameter regimes where the overlap with the laughlin wavefunction is decreased by the lattice . '
b' we show that the standard expectation of hard - scattering factorization is that the cross section is a convolution of a hard scattering coefficient , parton densities , fragmentation functions and a possible soft function .  ⁇ n we examine the case that the produced hadrons are almost back - to - back .  ⁇ n the appropriate factorization property is @xmath0-factorization , which entails the use
b' we present neutral hydrogen data for the interacting magellanic spiral pair ngc 4618/4625 .  ⁇ n the data were obtained with the hst / wfpc2 on the keck i telescope .  ⁇ n the h i data show a single , strong spiral arm emanating from a bar offset from the center of the galaxy .  ⁇ n the h i data show that the h i distribution is extended , and that the h i distribution is dominated by a single , symmetric , elliptical .  ⁇ n the h i distribution is dominated by a single , symmetric , elliptical , and a symmetric , elliptical .  ⁇ n the h i distribution is dominated by a single , symmetric , elliptical , and a symmetric , elliptical .  ⁇ n the h i distribution is dominated by a single , elliptical , and a
b' i discuss a class of noncommutative geometries which are not physically realistic .  ⁇ n these geometries generalize euclidean ( space ) rather than lorentzian ( space ) geometry .  ⁇ n they are not gauge theories , but they are plausible that more realistic models may share some of the characteristics of these ones .  ⁇ n i present an approximation technique for field theory calculations in this regularization .  ⁇ 
b' we report the discovery of the likely orbital period of the ultracompact low - mass x - ray binary 2s 0918@xmath0549 .  ⁇ n the orbital period of the system is @xmath1 min , which is consistent with the orbital period of 4u 1543@xmath0624 .  ⁇ n the orbital period of the system is @xmath2 min .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a detailed study of the orbital evolution of the low mass x - ray binary ( lmxb ) .  ⁇ 
b' we derive kinetic equations for the one body reduced density matrix operator in the weak coupling limit and in the markov approximation .  ⁇ n the equations describing the relaxation towards equilibrium for the ground and excited states of a bose - einstein condensate are derived .  ⁇ n we show that the ideal bose - einstein distribution with negative chemical potential is the stationary solution for both the ground and excited states , and that the total number of particles as well as the total energy are conserved along the thermalization of each cooling step .  ⁇ n however , since this equation is unable of describing the dynamics for the ground and excited states when the chemical potential becomes zero , we propose to replace the interaction term of the master equation , accounting for every single collision event , by an interaction potential in which the colliding particles arising from the ground state are treated within the bogoliubov approximation .  ⁇ n we show that the bogoliubov equation is able to properly describe the evolution in time of a weakly interacting bose gas .
b' we introduce a similarity transform which takes the mbius space of functions to the analytic feynman diagram space .  ⁇ n this transform is a generalization of the similarity transform which takes the mbius space of functions to the new deformed space of functions .  ⁇ n we show that the mbius space of functions is holomorphic separable .  ⁇ n we also define a spectral representation of the bfkl kernel in terms of conformal eigenfunctions .  ⁇ n we compute the generators of the mbius group @xmath0 .  ⁇ n pacs numbers : 11.30.rd , 12.38.bx , 12.38.bx '
b' we study the statistics of record events in sequences of independent but not identically distributed random variables .  ⁇ n we show that the sign and magnitude of correlations depend in a highly non - trivial way on the underlying probability density .  ⁇ 
b' we study the bulk spectral function in a holographic model with the simplest mechanism of conformality violation .  ⁇ n we find that the temperature dependent part of the bulk spectral function obeys the sum rule , which is trivial in a conformal theory .  ⁇ 
b' we study the vertical shear and vertical convective instability in a keplerian accretion disc with radial and vertical stratification .  ⁇ n we show that the vertical shear instability is unstable in the non - linear regime .  ⁇ n we show that the instability is linear in the presence of vertical velocity shear and that it is unstable in the non - linear regime .  ⁇ n we also show that the instability is unstable in the non - linear regime .  ⁇ n we show that the instability is linear in the non - linear regime .  ⁇ n we show that the instability is unstable in the non - linear regime , and that the instability is unstable in the non - linear regime .  ⁇ n we also show that the instability is unstable in the non - linear regime .  ⁇ n we show that the instability is unstable in the non - linear regime , and that the instability is unstable in the non - linear regime .  ⁇ n we also show that the instability is unstable in the non - linear regime .  ⁇ n we show that the instability is unstable in the non 
b' we construct new series of conserved densities for the polytropic gas model and the nonlinear elasticity equation .  ⁇ n our hamiltonians are non polynomial expressions which contains logarithmic functions .  ⁇ n we consider the singular case , for the polytropic gas system for which @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we show that the conserved densities are connected with the bessel equation . '
b' we consider rotating thin - shell wormholes in @xmath0dimensions .  ⁇ n we show that the off - diagonal components of the extrinsic curvature tensor and related components of the surface energy - momentum at the throat vanish in case we assume counterrotating components of shells at the throat .  ⁇ n the gas pressures from the upper and lower shells cancel each other to modify the equation of state to the extend that it becomes equivalent to a static case .  ⁇ n we also consider a velocity dependent perturbation of the linear gas equation of state .  ⁇ n it is observed that our stability argument is restricted by the angular momentum magnitude .  ⁇ n we also show that the stability condition is restricted by the angular momentum magnitude .  ⁇ n we also show that the stability condition is restricted by the angular momentum magnitude . '
b' we have grown epitaxial cofe@xmath0o@xmath1 ( cfo ) thin films on mgal@xmath0o@
b' we investigate the virial theorem of galaxy clusters in a modified gravity model , in which the gravitational potential is modified by a non - minimal coupling between matter and geometry .  ⁇ 
b' we present a survey of the properties of compact groups of galaxies , based on a sample of poss prints .  ⁇ n we find that the poss images of the compact groups of galaxies are dominated by a single , luminous , elliptical galaxy .  ⁇ n the elliptical galaxy is a member of the compact group , with a projected separation of @xmath0 kpc .  ⁇ n the elliptical galaxy is a member of the compact group , with a projected separation of @xmath0 kpc .  ⁇ n the elliptical galaxy is a member of the compact group , with a projected separation of @xmath0 kpc .  ⁇ n the elliptical galaxy is a member of the compact group , with a projected separation of @xmath0 kpc .  ⁇ n the elliptical galaxy is a member of the compact group , with a projected separation of @xmath0
b' we describe a new class of elliptic curve public key cryptography ( pkcs ) standards .  ⁇ n these standards are based on elliptic curve public key cryptography , and are released in the american federal information processing standards ( fips ) .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a comprehensive study of the x - ray variability of the young , energetic pulsar psr b1509@xmath058 .  ⁇ 
b' we present a model of the extragalactic background light ( ebl ) based on the star formation rate ( sfr ) inferred from deep multi - color galaxy surveys .  ⁇ n we use the sfr - weighted ssps to calculate the optical depth with respect to pair creation and the propagation length of gamma - rays from cosmologically distributed sources .  ⁇ n we find that the ebl increases from high redshift towards the present , but saturates at a roughly constant level beyond the peak in the sfr .  ⁇ n the ebl increases from high redshift towards the present , but saturates at a roughly constant level beyond the peak in the sfr .  ⁇ n the ebl spectrum at high redshift is dominated by young , uv - emitting massive stars .  ⁇ n 70% of the energy released by stars is re - emitted by dust in the infrared and far - infrared bands
b' i discuss the spectral energy distributions ( seds ) of luminous quasars , and the scaling formula for estimating the seds .  ⁇ n i show that the scaling formula can be used to predict all other seds without having to know how the sed was made .  ⁇ n i also discuss the implications of the scaling formula for the spectral energy distributions of agn . '
b' we study the toppling activity of a sandpile model with a re - scaling of the dynamical variables .  ⁇ n we show that the probability density function for the toppling activity is a stretched exponential or close to the bramwell - holdsworth - pinton distribution , depending on whether the sandpile is so slowly driven that avalanches are well separated , or it is driven so hard that several avalanches run simultaneously .  ⁇ n the probability density function for the toppling activity is unique in the thermodynamic limit , but is not a power law , unless we define the meaning of an avalanche to be the activity burst between successive times for which the activity rises above a positive threshold .  ⁇ n it also gives power - law quiet - time statistics as in @xcite , but in contradiction to @xcite .  ⁇ n it also refuting the claim in @xcite that soc implies power - law distributed avalanche durations , but poisson - distributed quiet times . '
b' we show that the growth rate of structures in a standard cosmological model with dark energy is not sufficient to distinguish between dark energy models and modifications of gravity .  ⁇ n we show that the dark energy perturbations affect the dark matter and the metric perturbations , and provide an explicit example of a dark energy model which reproduces the 3 + 1 dimensional metric perturbations of the dvali - gabadadze - porrati scenario . '
b' in this work we present a new method for analyzing high dimensional and massive data sets .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new method for estimating the power spectrum of galaxy clustering , based on karhunen - love eigenmodes .  ⁇ n the method is based on the largest publicly available redshift survey , the las campanas survey , and is based on the analytic results of redshift distortions in wide angle redshift surveys .  ⁇ 
b' we study the phase diagram of a one - dimensional spin - polarized fermi gas with attractive interactions .  ⁇ n we use the exact solution of the gaudin - yang model with a local - density approximation , and use the density - matrix renormalization - group to calculate the pairing correlations .  ⁇ n we find that the pairing correlations are strongly affected by the presence of the zeeman field , and that the pairing correlations are strongly affected by the presence of the zeeman field .  ⁇ n we also find that the pairing correlations are strongly affected by the presence of the zeeman field .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the limit distribution of the discrete - time quantum walk ( qw ) in one - dimensional space .  ⁇ n we first derive a differential equation for the limit distribution .  ⁇ n we then derive a hypergeometric differential equation by gauss ( the gauss equation ) .  ⁇ n the gauss equation is one of typical fucksian equations and represents the fucksian equations with exactly three regular singular points .  ⁇ n we also discuss the asymptotic behavior of the limit distribution as time tends to infinity .  ⁇ n we also discuss the relation between the gauss equation and the heun s differential equation . '
b' we present a new method for estimating the uncertainty in the dark energy equation of state @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we use a @xmath1 minimization procedure to avoid the use of strong priors on the form of @xmath2 , the values of other parameters , and independent information coming from other experiments .  ⁇ n we find that the uncertainty in @xmath0 can be reduced by a factor of @xmath3 , and that the uncertainty in @xmath0 can be reduced by a factor of @xmath4 .  ⁇ n we also discuss how standard likelihood marginalization can give a misleading impression of the uncertainty in @
b' we investigate the radiation processes and spectra emitted by advection dominated accretion flows ( adafs ) in the kerr spacetime .  ⁇ n the adafs are modeled by a spherical accretion disk with a viscosity parameter @xmath0 and a dimensionless accretion rate @
b' we have studied the valence band electronic structure of the ( 100 ) surface of the iii v zinc blende semiconductors using the surface green s function matching method .  ⁇ n we have calculated the surface states and the 2d bulk states .  ⁇ n we have found that the surface states are of two dimensional character , but they do exist in atomic layers away from the surface .  ⁇ 
b' we consider the green function of the simple random walk on the sierpiski graph .  ⁇ n grabner and woess introduced self - similarity of graphs as a class of self - similar graphs .  ⁇ n we prove that a symmetrically self - similar graph is bipartite if and only if its cell graphs are bipartite .  ⁇ n we also prove that a symmetrically self - similar graph is bipartite if and only if its cell graphs are bipartite .  ⁇ n we also prove that a symmetrically self - similar graph is bipartite if and only if its cell graphs are bipartite .  ⁇ 
b' in this paper , we study the problem of within - network classification in partial labeled networks .  ⁇ n we introduce ten similarity indices , including five local indices , namely the _ common neighbors _ , _ jaccard coefficient _ , _ srensen index _ , _ adamic - adar index _ , _ average commute time _ , _ cosine based on the pseudoinverse of the laplacian matrix _ ( @xmath0 ) and _ random walk with restart _ ( rwr ) .  ⁇ n empirical results on the co - purchase network of political books show that the similarity - based methods perform better than the relational neighbors algorithm .  ⁇ n furthermore , when the data is sparse , the improvement is prominent .  ⁇ n especially when the labeled nodes are sparse , the improvement is prominent .  ⁇ n furthermore , when the data is sparse , the improvement is prominent .
b' we present a detailed analysis of the dynamical properties of the dwarf galaxy ngc 2915 .  ⁇ n we find that the stellar core of ngc 2915 is embedded in a huge disk extending out to 22 @xmath0 scale lengths .  ⁇ n the disk is characterized by a pronounced , elliptical structure , with a central radius of @xmath1 kpc .  ⁇ 
b' we have studied the tcd for @xmath0 and @x
b' we propose a decentralized relay selection approach for a two - hop network .  ⁇ n the source uses random access - based feedback to select a relay to forward parity information to the destination if it detects uncorrectable packet errors .  ⁇ n the  ⁇  hello '' message feedback is controlled by factors including the relay channel gain to the destination .  ⁇ n our approach significantly outperforms a hybrid - automatic - repeat - request ( arq ) strategy where the source forwards the parity information to the destination .  ⁇ n our strategy yields throughputs that are close to those yielded by the gps - based strategy .  ⁇ n this further demonstrates the utility of decentralized relay selection algorithms in dense networks . '
b' we discuss the statistical properties of the initial matter density fields in standard cosmological models .  ⁇ n we discuss the constraints which have to be satisfied by primordial matter fluctuations and which are common to all models independently on the nature of dark matter .  ⁇ n some very interesting analogies with glassy systems ( e.g. one component plasma ) are outlined and the crucial observational tests of standard models of cosmological structure formation are discussed . '
b' we present exact solutions for the equation governing the boundary condition of a conformally flat radiating star .  ⁇ n the lie point symmetries of the junction condition are obtained .  ⁇ n the lie point symmetries of the junction condition are used to obtain the lie point symmetries for the junction condition .  ⁇ n the lie point symmetries of the junction condition are used to obtain the lie point symmetries for the junction condition .  ⁇ n the lie point symmetries of the junction condition are used to obtain the lie point symmetries for the junction condition .  ⁇ n the lie point symmetries of the junction condition are used to obtain the lie point symmetries for the junction condition .  ⁇ n the lie point symmetries of the junction condition are used to obtain the lie point symmetries for the junction condition .  ⁇ n the lie point symmetries of the junction condition are used to obtain the lie point symmetries for the junction condition
b' we study the optimal bin width of histogram for the estimation of the probability density function ( pdf ) of a statistical sample .  ⁇ n we show that the optimal bin width is a key parameter in the optimal probability density estimation .  ⁇ 
b' we present a theoretical study of the non - equilibrium conductance of a quantum point contact ( qpc ) in the presence of a bias voltage between the source and drain electrodes .  ⁇ n the non - equilibrium differential conductance of the qpc is analyzed in the framework of the self - consistent electrostatics and non - linear screening .  ⁇ 
b' we present a simple scheme for measuring the relative position of two particles in a system .  ⁇ n the scheme is based on the idea that the relative position of the two particles is a measure of the relative position of the two particles .  ⁇ n we show that this process can be detected experimentally .  ⁇ n we also show how this scheme can be extended to particles in three dimensions . '
b' we study the possibility of probing the property of dark energy and differentiating its dynamical origin in very long baseline neutrino oscillations .  ⁇ n we show that the models of neutrino dark energy predict different spatial variation of neutrino masses inside earth and consequently result in different signals in very long baseline neutrino oscillations .  ⁇ n we also show that the phantom model is mildly favored . '
b' we study the local structure of equal - sized bead packings by means of monte carlo simulations and experimental data .  ⁇ n we identify the local structural motifs with the voronoi cells .  ⁇ n the fluctuations of the voronoi volumes are a measure of the local variations in the packing fraction .  ⁇ n we show that the distribution of such volumes is well reproduced by a kgamma distribution .  ⁇ n this functional form is retrieved in a wide set of very different systems from idealized hard sphere packings to glass beads in water . '
b' we derive a general formula for the mean spectral densities of the pearson estimators of cross  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the nucleosynthesis of gamma ray burst accretion disks by examining the impact of neutrino interactions on the electron fraction of the material as it leaves the surface of the disk .  ⁇ n we find that the electron fraction is very low and the heaviest , @xmath0-process elements are likely to be produced .  ⁇ n we also examine the conditions under which the lighter iron peak nuclei are likely to be formed .  ⁇ n we find that the conditions under which the lighter iron peak nuclei are likely to be formed are quite different .  ⁇ n we also examine the conditions under which the lighter iron peak nuclei are likely to be formed .  ⁇ n we find that the conditions under which the iron peak nuclei are likely to be formed are quite different .  ⁇ n we also find that the conditions under which the iron peak nuclei are likely to be formed are quite different .  ⁇ n we also find that the conditions under which the iron peak nuclei are likely to be formed are quite different .  ⁇ 
b' we present a general formalism to extract polarized quark distributions from an arbitrary combination of final state asymmetries .  ⁇ n this new approach is particularly useful in light of the latest generation of existing experimental efforts , which allow identification of a large number of final state hadrons .  ⁇ n we further argue that , generally speaking , there is no _ a priori _ reason to minimize the effects of target fragmentation .  ⁇ n we further argue that , generally speaking , there is no reason to minimize the effects of target fragmentation .  ⁇ n we further argue that , generally speaking , there is no reason to minimize the effects of target fragmentation .  ⁇ n we further argue that , in general , there is no reason to minimize the effects of target fragmentation .  ⁇ n we further argue that , in general , there is no _ a priori _ reason to minimize the effects of target fragmentation .  ⁇ n we further argue that , generally speaking , there is no _ a priori _ reason to minimize the effects of target fragmentation
b' we present a number of analytical solutions of the magnetohydrostatic equations in cylindrical geometry with external gravity .  ⁇ n the solutions are obtained by a combination of a schrdinger equation and a schrdinger equation .  ⁇ 
b' we propose and theoretically analyse a novel mechanism of actuation of a slender body immersed in a viscous fluid in conditions where inertia is negligible .  ⁇ n we show that a passive filament can be actuated by attaching an active colloid to its terminus .  ⁇ n the dynamics of such an assembly is unexpectedly rich when the flow of the surrounding fluid and the forces it mediates are taken into account .  ⁇ n we study the dynamics , when the other terminus is free , tethered or clamped , as a function of the leading modes of activity of the colloid .  ⁇ n we identify states of filament motion that are most suited for biomimetic tasks such as propulsion and mixing . '
b' we present a new linelist for the near infrared ( nir ) spectra of low mass stars ( lms ) .  ⁇ n the new linelist is based on the bt2 linelist , a new linelist which has been recently released .  ⁇ 
b' we present the discovery of a new @xmath0 quasar , sdss j0909 + 0023 , discovered in the sloan digital sky survey .  ⁇ n the quasar is the most distant quasar known at @xmath0 .  ⁇ 
b' we present optical photometry of the eclipsing binary bg geminorum .  ⁇ n the star was discovered as a possible rv tau star with an uncertain period of @xmath0 60 days .  ⁇ 
b' we study the hydrodynamical properties of strange quark matter in a strong magnetic field .  ⁇ n we consider the case of a uniformly magnetized fluid with a constant density and a constant density .  ⁇ n we show that the hydrodynamical properties of strange quark matter are strongly affected by the anisotropic hydrodynamics .  ⁇ n we find that the anisotropic hydrodynamics is dominated by the non - leptonic process @xmath0 , which is dominated by the non - leptonic process @xmath1 .  ⁇ n the anisotropic hydrodynamics is dominated by the non - leptonic process @xmath2 .  ⁇ n the anisotropic hydrodynamics is dominated by the non - leptonic process @xmath3 .  ⁇ n the anisotropic hydrodynamics is dominated by the non - leptonic process @xmath4 .  ⁇ n the anisotropic hydrodynamics is dominated by the non - leptonic process @xmath5 . 
b' we investigate the formation of spiral arms in disk galaxies .  ⁇ n we use a @xmath0-body simulation to study the formation of spiral arms .  ⁇ 
b' we study the effect of small - scale inhomogeneities on the global expansion of the universe .  ⁇ n we show that the back reaction of the inhomogeneities on the global expansion is not negligible if the inhomogeneities are averaged over the whole space .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new analysis of the pulsar b1913 + 16 , based on 9257 pulse times of arrival ( toas ) derived from five - minute integrations of the pulsar signal at frequencies near 1400 mhz .  ⁇ n we measure the shapiro gravitational propagation delay , a relativistic correction to the elliptical orbital shape , and the time derivative of the projected pulsar semimajor axis .  ⁇ n we find that the shapiro gravitational propagation delay is @xmath0 s / h , and the time derivative of the projected pulsar semimajor axis is @xmath1 s / h .  ⁇ n we also find that the time derivative of the projected pulsar semimajor axis is @xmath2 s / h , and that the time derivative of the projected pulsar semimajor axis is @xmath3 s / h .  ⁇ 
b' we report on the experimental investigation of nonlinear surface oscillations in a ferrofluid .  ⁇ n the experimental setup is based on a mixture of commercially available ferrofluids emg 901 and emg 909 .  ⁇ 
b' we study the structure of the three - body continuum in the framework of the hyperspherical adiabatic expansion method .  ⁇ n the corresponding wave functions are calculated in the limit of large distances .  ⁇ n the corresponding wave functions are compared with the available experimental data .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new method for the determination of the reduced - density - matrix ( rdm ) of a many - electron system , based on the coupled electron pair approximation ( cepa ) .  ⁇ n the @xmath0 , @xmath1 , and @xmath2 conditions for @xmath4-representability are incorporated into a size - extensive functional of the rdm .  ⁇ 
b' we present results from a survey of double - barred galaxies .  ⁇ 
b' we consider a coupled qubit system where local unitary transformations on the first qubit take significantly less time than local transformations on the second one .  ⁇ n in addition , we assume that the coupling evolution is much slower than transformations on the first qubit but much faster than transformations on the second one .  ⁇ n we present a canonical decomposition of @xmath0 in terms of the subgroup @xmath1 reflecting the significantly different time scales immanent in the system .  ⁇ n employing this canonical decomposition , we derive time - optimal control algorithms to synthesize arbitrary unitary transformations .  ⁇ n our methods are applicable to coupled electron - nuclear spin systems occurring in pulsed electron paramagnetic resonance experiments at high fields , where the rabi frequency of the electron is much larger than the hyperfine coupling which is further much larger than the rabi frequency of the nucleus . '
b' we present a detailed analysis of the x - ray spectrum of the low - mass x - ray binary cygnusx-2 .  ⁇ n we find that the x - ray spectrum is well described by a gaussian with a spectral type of a5f2 .  ⁇ 
b' we report on the experimental and theoretical investigation of the third type of superlattice oscillations due to negative differential velocity ( ndv ) in lightly and moderately doped superlattices .  ⁇ n the experimental results are compared with theoretical predictions and with experimental data .  ⁇ 
b' we study the effects of a chameleon - induced deviation from standard gravity in the solar thin - shell .  ⁇ n we make explicit numerical simulations exploiting solar models that take into account the presence of the chameleon field .  ⁇ n we discuss , on the one hand , a standard chameleonic scenario where the mass scale of the potential is fine - tuned to the mev dark energy scale and , on the other hand , a second chameleonic scenario where this fine - tuning is removed .  ⁇ n we parametrize the presence of the chameleon through a modification of the newton constant inside the shell .  ⁇ n our solar models are _ inconsistent _ with the standard observables of helioseismic observations , namely , the thickness of the convective zone , the helium abundance on the solar surface , the speed of sound as a function of the distance from the center of the sun , and the speed of sound as a function of the distance from the center of the sun .  ⁇ n we
b' we present a method of decomposition of correlations between asynchronous time series .  ⁇ n the method is based on a decomposition of the correlation coefficient for large time window @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the coefficient is calculated from the good statistics high resolution data .  ⁇ n the latter can be calculated from the good statistics high resolution data .  ⁇ n we apply the method to real data .  ⁇ n we show how it can be used to accurately estimate the asymptotic correlation coefficients . '
b' we present a new method to correct for dust attenuation in star - forming galaxies based on the total - ir to uv luminosity ratio method .  ⁇ 
b' we review recent experimental results on bose - einstein condensation in atomic bose gases .  ⁇ n we focus on measurements in harmonic traps , paying particular attention to how these results relate to the physics in a homogeneous system .  ⁇ n we also discuss some of the first measurements on a homogeneous atomic bose gas and the possibilities that such measurements present in the future . '
b' we present the latest star results on dielectron production from 200 gev p+p and au+au collisions .  ⁇ 
b' we examine the magnetic field amplification in the external shock model of grb afterglows .  ⁇ n we show that the observed gev emission is a strong limit on the magnetic field .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a deep , deep , j and ks spectroscopic survey of the ntt deep field .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new algorithm for the computation of the probability density function ( pdf ) of the product of two independent random variables .  ⁇ n the algorithm is based on an approximate multiresolution analysis ( mra ) , where the scaling function is a gaussian .  ⁇ n we demonstrate that , in contrast with the sampling method , our new algorithm is both fast and accurate .  ⁇ n moreover , while the sampling method only provides a histogram of the pdf , we obtain the result in a functional form that can be used in further computations .  ⁇ n a representation of a function in gaussian - based mra can also be viewed as a multiresolution gaussian mixture .  ⁇ n we prove that the integral can be efficiently evaluated as a multiresolution gaussian mixture and provide a tight estimate for the accuracy of the result .  ⁇ n we also provide a tight estimate for the accuracy of the result .  ⁇ n gaussian - based mra , approximate multiresolution analysis
b' i perform a numerical simulation of a disc galaxy in an isolated environment .  ⁇ n i find that a clump - origin bulge consists of old stars .  ⁇ n such old and metal - rich natures are better similar to classical bulges than pseudobulges .  ⁇ n the clump - origin bulge consists of old stars .  ⁇ n the clump - origin bulge consists of old stars .  ⁇ n the clump - origin bulge consists of old stars .  ⁇ n the clump - origin bulge consists of old stars .  ⁇ n the clump - origin bulge consists of old stars .  ⁇ n the clump - origin bulge consists of old stars .  ⁇ n the clump - origin bulge consists of old stars .  ⁇ n the clump - origin bulge consists of old stars .  ⁇ n the clump - origin bulge consists of old stars .  ⁇ n the clump - origin bulge
b' we study the adsorption of h@xmath0 inside a narrow carbon nanotube .  ⁇ n we show that the adsorption energy of h@xmath0 is much smaller than that of h@xmath0 , and that the adsorption energy of h@xmath0 is much smaller than that of h@xmath0 .  ⁇ 
b' we present a model for the tev @xmath0-ray flare of es 1959 + 650 .  ⁇ n the model is based on the hadronic synchrotron mirror model .  ⁇ n the tev @xmath0-ray flare was observed on june 4 , 2002 .  ⁇ 
b' we present a scheme for implementing weak measurements on a nmr quantum computer .  ⁇ n we show how to implement the scheme theoretically and experimentally .  ⁇ n we show how to implement the scheme experimentally and theoretically .  ⁇ n we also show how to implement the scheme experimentally . ' mississippi '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '
b' we investigate the quasinormal modes ( qnms ) of neutron stars .  ⁇ n the qnms of neutron stars are characterized by the spherical harmonics .  ⁇ n the qnms of neutron stars are classified into two types .  ⁇ n one is the fluid mode , which is connected with the stellar matter , and the other is the spacetime mode .  ⁇ n the @xmath0 and @xmath1 modes are spacetime modes .  ⁇ n the damping rate of the @xmath0 and @xmath1 modes is comparable to or larger than the oscillational frequency .  ⁇ n the @xmath2 mode is the fundamental mode .  ⁇ n the @xmath3 mode is the @xmath1 mode .  ⁇ n the @xmath0 mode is the fundamental mode .  ⁇ n the @xmath1 mode is the @xmath0 mode .  ⁇ n the @xmath1 mode is the @xmath0 mode .  ⁇ n the @xmat
b' we investigate the nonlocal interaction among one magnetodydrodynamic alfvn wave and two kinetic alfvn waves .  ⁇ n we show that the nonlocal coupling , a mhd alfvn wave + kaw @xmath0 kaw , may play an important role in generating the kinetic alfvn waves with electron scales .  ⁇ n the results show that the nonlocal coupling may play an important role in generating the kinetic alfvn waves with electron scales . '
b' we consider the prospects for determining the evolution of the dark energy through the combined galaxy - shear and galaxy - galaxy cross correlations .  ⁇ n we show that the combination of these two - point correlations allows for a joint determination of the cosmology and the relationship between galaxies and mass .  ⁇ n we show that the combination of galaxy - shear and galaxy - galaxy cross correlations can be used to constrain the evolution of the matter and galaxy distributions .  ⁇ n we show that the combination of galaxy - shear and galaxy - galaxy cross correlations can be used to constrain the evolution of the dark energy .  ⁇ n we show that the combination of galaxy - shear and galaxy - galaxy cross correlations can be used to constrain the evolution of the dark energy .  ⁇ n we show that the combination of galaxy - shear and galaxy - galaxy cross correlations can be used to constrain the evolution of the dark energy .  ⁇ n we show that the combination of galaxy - shear and galaxy - galaxy cross correlations can be used to constrain the evolution of the dark energy .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a deep @xmath0 quasar survey in the @xmath1 and @xmath2 bands .  ⁇ n the field around pc1643 + 4631a has been imaged with brocam2 at the nordic optical telescope and with the william herschel telescope 4.2 m prime focus camera .  ⁇ n the quasar has a damped lyman break at @xmath3 , and a possible very massive cluster between this quasar and a second one ( pc1643 + 4631b ) .  ⁇ n the lyman break is perfectly positioned between johnson @xmath1 and @xmath2 .  ⁇ n a possible very massive cluster might exist between these two quasars .  ⁇ n however , saunder
b' we report the discovery of a gravitationally lensed quasar , sdss j133222.62 + 034739.9 , from optical observations with the subaru 8.2-meter telescope and the university of hawaii 2.2-meter telescope .  ⁇ n the quasar was confirmed to be doubly imaged by a low - redshift early - type galaxy .  ⁇ n the quasar was confirmed to be doubly imaged by a low - redshift early - type galaxy , from observations using the subaru 8.2-meter telescope and the university of hawaii 2.2-meter telescope .  ⁇ n the quasar was confirmed to be doubly imaged by a low - redshift early - type galaxy .  ⁇ n the quasar was confirmed to be doubly imaged by a low - redshift early - type galaxy .  ⁇ n the lens model is based on the sloan digital sky survey quasar lens search ( sqls ) .  ⁇ 
b' differential conductance tunneling spectra of the fe(001 ) surface are studied by means of the transfer hamiltonian approach .  ⁇ n the spin - polarized version of the tersoff - hamann model is used to simulate differential conductance tunneling spectra .  ⁇ n the results show that the sensitivity of tunneling spectroscopy measurements on magnetic surfaces can be enhanced by using the proper tip magnetization direction or bias set point .  ⁇ n the results suggest that the sensitivity of tunneling spectroscopy measurements on magnetic surfaces can be enhanced by using the proper tip and bias set point . '
b' we present photometric redshifts for a sample of galaxies in the great observatories origins deep survey ( goods ) .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new approach to the calculation of nonresonant scattering amplitudes between pairs of mesons .  ⁇ n we use a chiral lagrangian approach to calculate the amplitudes for i=2 @xmath0 , i=3/2 k@xmath1 , kn and nn .  ⁇ n we use the chiral lagrangian to calculate the amplitudes for the psps , psv , psv , psv , psv , psv , psv , psv , psv , psv , psv , psv , psv , psv , psv , psv , psv , psv , psv , psv , psv , psv , psv , psv , p
b' we study the neutral triple gauge boson production at the lhc in the context of the arkani - hamed , dimopoulos and dvali ( add ) model .  ⁇ n we consider the following four final states : ( i ) @xmath0 ( ii ) @xmath1 ( iii ) @xmath2 and ( iv ) @x
b' we construct the worldwide maritime transportation network ( wmn ) using two different network representations .  ⁇ n our result shows that the degree distribution follows a truncated power - law distribution in the space @xmath0 and an exponential decay distribution in the space @xmath1 .  ⁇ n we also check the weighted network and find the network has hierarchy structure and  ⁇  rich - club '' phenomenon .  ⁇ n centrality measures are found to have strong correlations with each other .  ⁇ n we also study the centrality measure correlations and centrality measure correlations .  ⁇ n the global structure of wmn is also studied . '
b' the random phase approximation ( rpa ) is applied to study plasmon excitations in metallic nano - spheres .  ⁇ n the electron liquid oscillations of compressional and translational type result in excitations inside the sphere and on its surface , respectively .  ⁇ n damping of plasmons due to electron scattering and due to radiation losses ( accounted for via the lorentz friction force ) is included .  ⁇ n collective dipole - type surface plasmons in the linear chain of metallic nano - spheres were then analyzed and plasmon - polaritons propagation along the chain was described .  ⁇ n the undamped mode of plasmon - polaritons occurs , however , on the rim of stability of the linear approach .  ⁇ n the zero damping rate separates the region with positive its value ( corresponding to ordinary attenuation of plasmon - polaritons ) .  ⁇ n the zero damping rate separates the region with positive its value ( corresponding
b' we present a detailed study of the properties of the spiral structure of a sample of @xmath0 galaxies in the _ spitzer _ infrared nearby galaxies survey .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the effects of entropy gradients on the migration of planets in protoplanetary disks .  ⁇ n we use a two - dimensional , non - linear , spherically symmetric , and spherically symmetric disk model to study the effects of entropy gradients on the migration of planets in protoplanetary disks .  ⁇ n we find that the migration of planets in protoplanetary disks is dominated by the corotation resonances , while the migration of planets in protoplanetary disks is dominated by the corotation resonances .  ⁇ n we also find that the migration of planets in protoplanetary disks is dominated by the corotation resonances , while the migration of planets in protoplanetary disks is dominated by the corotation resonances .  ⁇ n we find that the migration of planets in protoplanetary disks is dominated by the corotation resonances , and that the migration of planets in protoplanetary disks is dominated by the corotation resonances .  ⁇ n we also find that the migration
b' we present results of _ ab initio _ simulations of h@xmath0 , ne , and hg on a variety of surfaces .  ⁇ n we find that the cheng _  ⁇ n et al . _ model predicts a triple point wetting transition at a temperature @xmath1 k , a complete wetting transition at @xmath2 k , and a prewetting transition at @xmath2 k. the model predicts a triple point wetting transition at @xmath2 k , a prewetting transition at @xmath2 k , and a prewetting transition at @xmath2 k. the model predicts a triple point wetting transition at @xmath2 k , a prewetting transition at @xmath2 k , and a prewetting transition at @xmath2 k . '
b' a boltzmann - fokker - planck model for the behavior of individuals under the influence of a social field is developed .  ⁇ n the model includes _ spontaneous _ ( or _ externally induced _ ) behavioral changes and behavioral changes by pair interactions of individuals .  ⁇ n these changes are described by _ transition rates _ .  ⁇ n they reflect the results of mental and psychical processes , which could be simulated with the help of o
b' the hierarchical formation of dark matter halos is a well - established paradigm for the formation of disk galaxies .  ⁇ n the theory of self - regulation of the global star formation rate is reviewed , and the problems that have arisen with some of the proposed solutions are discussed . '
b' we present a study of the x - ray emission from the hotspots in the radio jets of the brightest radio galaxie
b' the electron transport through a quantum dot ( qd ) with the additional nonresonant transmission channels for electron tunnelling is studied in the presence of an external time - dependent field .  ⁇ n the qd is placed between two leads and the resonant tunnelling structure is coupled with the qd .  ⁇ n the qd is modeled by the infinite - u anderson hamiltonian .  ⁇ 
b' we report on the discovery of the red - skewed iron line in the _ suzaku _ spectrum of the neutron star source cygnus x-2 .  ⁇ n this indicates that the red - skewed iron line profile is produced by repeated electron scattering in a diverging outflow .  ⁇ n we examine the line profile in terms of the relativistic paradigm and in the framework of the wind model .  ⁇ n we find that the wind model is able to reproduce the red - skewed line profile with the fit quality similar to that shown by the relativistic reflection models .  ⁇ n therefore , in order to distinguish between these two models one has to consider their consistency in a broader phenomenological context .  ⁇ n we find that the wind model is able to reproduce the red - skewed line profile with the fit quality similar to that shown by the relativistic reflection models .  ⁇ n therefore , in order to distinguish between these two models one has to consider their consistency in a broader phenomenological context .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new , efficient , and efficient method for the inverse radiative transfer ( lrt ) modeling of protoplanetary disks .  ⁇ n the method is based on the lte ( local thermodynamical equilibrium ) and lvg ( large velocity gradients ) approaches .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed analysis of the late - time radio afterglow of the gamma - ray burst .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the exact electronic structure of a few - electron quantum dot containing a single magnetic ion in the presence of an external magnetic field .  ⁇ n we investigate the influence of the strength of the inter - particle interaction and the position of the magnetic ion on the spin polarization of the electrons .  ⁇ 
b' the new ams and bess measurements of the primary cosmic ray proton flux are used to calculate the atmospheric neutrino flux .  ⁇ n the results are compared with the existing calculations .  ⁇ 
b' we study the spherical hecke central ( shc ) algebra , which is a limit of a symmetrized double degenerate hecke algebra ( ddaha ) .  ⁇ n it is a degenerate affine hecke algebra , and acts on instanton partition functions as the kanno - matsuo - zhang ( kmz ) transformation of the young diagrams summand .  ⁇ n it is a degenerate affine hecke algebra , and acts on instanton partition functions as the kanno - matsuo - zhang ( kmz ) transformation of the young diagrams summand .  ⁇ n we show that the spherical hecke central ( shc ) algebra is a limit of a symmetrized double degenerate hecke algebra ( ddaha ) .  ⁇ n we also show that the ddaha representation is a generalization of the jack polynomials .  ⁇ 
b' we present four main themes on how parameterized algorithmics and heuristics can take place , each time illustrated by some  ⁇  key '' graph modification problems .  ⁇ n we describe how a natural np - hard parameterized problem ( referred to as highly connected deletion ) can be derived from this , and how this leads to further insight into the corresponding clustering approach .  ⁇ n we also describe how a closer inspection yields that either the corresponding approach provides optimal solutions in polynomial time or one can derive a polynomial - size problem kernel with respect to the parameter maximum vertex degree of the underlying graph .  ⁇ n we also discuss the np - hard example problems vertex cover and feedback arc set in tournaments .  ⁇ n finally , we discuss how one may speed up parameterized algorithms by a clever use of heuristics .  ⁇ n in particular , we discuss parameterization above lower bounds derived from linear programming relaxations , and the idea of programming by optimization .  ⁇ n _ keywords _ 
b' the horava - lifshitz gravity ( hlg ) is a new approach to quantum gravity , which is based on the scalar field theory .  ⁇ n the hlg theory is renormalizable in the ultraviolet , and the cosmological evolution is governed by the horava - lifshitz gravity ( hlg ) .  ⁇ 
b' we derive the kinetic coefficient of crystal - melt interfaces using ginzburg - landau theory .  ⁇ n the kinetic coefficients are expressed in terms of the bulk physical quantities such as relaxation time , latent heat of fushion and melting temperature .  ⁇ n we show that the kinetic coefficients are a function of the interface undercooling , which is a crucial parameter that determines the morphology of dendrites during solidification .  ⁇ n comparisons to molecular dynamics simulations are also presented . '
b' we study the @xmath0 reaction at @xmath1 mev / nucleon in the framework of the resonance model .  ⁇ n the @xmath2 and @xmath3 cross sections are calculated in the @xmath4 channel .  ⁇ n the @xmath5 and @xmath6 cross sections are calculated in the @xmath7 channel .  ⁇ 
b' the calorimetric spectrum of the @xmath0ho isotope has been measured with a high precision using a planar particle absorber .  ⁇ n the implantation of @xmath0ho ions into a gold layer was performed at isolde - cern .  ⁇ n the implantation process could potentially degrade the performance of the detector .  ⁇ n the magnetic moments of the @xmath0ho ions as well as of other contaminant ions that can be simultaneously implanted might give rise to an additional heat capacity of the absorber which in turn might lead to a decrease of the expected temperature signal .  ⁇ n the results obtained with a detector having an ion - implanted absorber are compared with results obtained with a detector taken from the same fabrication run prior to the implantation . '
b' we present a new calibration of the metallicity - sensitive indices of globular cluster giant stars based on high - resolution spectra of rr lyrae stars .  ⁇ 
b' we present atacama large millimeter / submillimeter array ( alma ) observations of the g331.5 - 0.1 molecular cloud .  ⁇ 
b' in this paper , we consider the location problem of a tsunami evacuation building in a large japanese city near the tohoku - pacific ocean earthquake .  ⁇ n we consider the dynamic setting in graph networks , where each vertex is given supply and each edge is given length and capacity which limits the rate of flow into the edge per unit time .  ⁇ n we call such networks under the dynamic setting _ dynamic networks _ , which was first introduced by ford et al .  ⁇ n @xcite .  ⁇ n the 1-sink location problem in dynamic networks is defined as the problem which requires to find the optimal location of a sink in a given dynamic network so that all supplies are sent to the sink as quickly as possible .  ⁇ n we consider the _ minimax regret 1-median problem _ as the problem which requires to find a sink location minimizing the minimum total time .  ⁇ n we then consider the _ minimax regret 1-median problem _ as the problem which requires to find a sink location minimizing the minimum total time .  ⁇ n we consider the 
b' we study the effect of inhomogeneities on the expansion rate of the universe .  ⁇ n we perform a second - order calculation of the effect .  ⁇ n we find that the mean corrections are a few parts in @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we also find that the variance of the expansion rate has an infrared singularity .  ⁇ n we find that if the perturbation spectrum on super - hubble - radius scales is no bluer than a harrison  ⁇ n zeldovich spectrum , then our perturbative expansion fails .  ⁇ n we speculate that a nonperturbative extension of our calculation could yield a most important modification to the friedmann equation . '
b' we present a detailed analysis of the chemical evolution of the hii galaxies ngc 6397 and ngc 6397 .  ⁇ n we find that the star formation history of these galaxies is dominated by a continuous low level state of star formation .  ⁇ 
b' we briefly review some of the important abundance trends for the slow- or rapid - neutron - capture elements .  ⁇ n we focus on how these neutron - capture elements can be employed to ( 1 ) study the nature of the progenitors and the nucleosynthesis history in the early galaxy , ( 2 ) explore the chemical evolution of the galaxy , and ( 3 ) obtain radioactive age estimates for the oldest stars , which in turn puts limits on the age of the galaxy and the universe . '
b' we investigate the dynamics of a driven - dissipative quantum many - body system in the presence of a time - dependent external field .  ⁇ n we show that the steady state of the system is not a thermal state with respect to the system hamiltonian , and that the dissipation can be engineered to produce steady state coherence between the eigenstates .  ⁇ 
b' recent numerical simulations suggest that a significant fraction of neutron stars undergo a phase transition from nuclear to quark matter within a millisecond scale progenitor .  ⁇ n this process may release up to a few percent of this energy in form of gravitational waves ( gws ) .  ⁇ n we estimate the power and statistical properties of this potential background and point out that it may be comparable to gw backgrounds from various astrophysical sources .  ⁇ n we specifically compare the power and statistical properties of this potential background with the ones from standard core collapse supernovae , ns - ns coalescence , r - mode instabilities in nss with millisecond periods , and magnetars , as well as from various processes in the early universe .  ⁇ n we also find a significant constraint on the fraction of the total energy released in such phase transitions in form of mev @xmath0rays . '
b' we discuss the effect of the frequency dependent side - lobes of the synthesized beam on the foreground source removal from the epoch of reionization ( eor ) data - set .  ⁇ n we show that the eor signal is a signature of the largest expected cosmic stromgren sphere ( css ) .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the time evolution of a measure of inhomogeneity in the universe , analogous to the kullback - leibler divergence , using the linear perturbation theory of a spatially flat friedmann - lematre - robertson - walker universe and a spherically symmetric nonlinear solution as inhomogeneous universe models .  ⁇ n we show that the measure is an increasing function of time for sufficiently large times .  ⁇ n we also examine on what condition the time - increasing nature of the measure holds .  ⁇ n we also show that the measure is a gravitational entropy , and show that the time - increasing nature of the measure is not necessarily a gravitational entropy . '
b' we propose a method of maximum relative entropy to generate optimal approximations .  ⁇ n the method is based on the method of maximum relative entropy and information geometry .  ⁇ 
b' we consider a multiple access channel ( mac ) with @xmath0 receiving antennas and @xmath1 users .  ⁇ n we suggest distributed algorithms for selecting a group of users to transmit in each slot .  ⁇ n in the first , a threshold value for the norm of the channel vector is set , and only users above the threshold transmit .  ⁇ n thus , there is no need to collect channel state information from all users .  ⁇ n in the second , an iterative process is suggested , where _ multiple thresholds _ are set on the norms of the projections of the channel vectors on the spaces of previously selected users .  ⁇ n this case , csi is shared _ only _ among the selected group .  ⁇ n an analysis of the resulting sum capacity in the limit of large @xmath2 is given , and the respective scaling laws are given both analytically and via simulation results .  ⁇ n the benefit compared to traditional ( centralized ) techniques is demonstrated both analytically and via simulation results . '
b' we present a scheme for preparing large - scale atomic w states in cavity quantum electrodynamics system .  ⁇ n the scheme is based on the fusion and expansion schemes , and the fusion scheme is based on the fusion of a single photon of the w state .  ⁇ 
b' i describe the design , the optics , and the receivers of the crawford hill 7-meter antenna .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed analysis of the spectroscopic properties of the elliptical galaxy ngc 4552 , which hosts a low - ionization emission - line region .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of laboratory tests on the integral field spectrograph ( ifs ) , a new instrument for the study of extrasolar planets .  ⁇ 
b' we construct coherent states ( cs ) for a lie group @xmath0 , which is a representation of @xmath1 .  ⁇ n the cs are obtained by operating a unitary operator related to a physical system being considered on a fiducial vector ( fv ) .  ⁇ n the fv is conventionally taken as the highest or lowest eigenvectors of @xmath2 .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the x - ray flares from classical t - tauri stars ( cttss ) .  ⁇ 
b' we study a model of new physics which may explain the diphoton excess near @xmath0 gev observed by the atlas and cms collaborations .  ⁇ n it is shown that vector - like quarks are present in the model , and that these states may appear in complete multiplets of @xmath1 so that gauge coupling unification may be maintained .  ⁇ n furthermore , it is shown that there are sm singlets in the model which have yukawa couplings to the vector - like quarks and leptons .  ⁇ n finally , we show that the diphoton excesses can be accomodated in the model . '
b' we present a study of the evolution of the cyclotron resonant scattering features ( crsf ) in the x - ray spectrum of the accreting x - ray pulsar v0332 + 53 during its bright outburst in 2015 .  ⁇ 
b' we present a search for short duration spike events in the lightcurves of a sample of 8.5 million stars in the large magellanic cloud ( lmc ) .  ⁇ n we find no spikes , and we place a 95% confidence upper limit on the mass of low mass machos in the halo of the milky way .  ⁇ 
b' we introduce a packaging of non - perturbative invariants ( model np ) and perturbative invariants ( model p ) into two power series : one that encodes non - perturbative invariants ( model np ) , and one that encodes perturbative invariants ( model p ) .  ⁇ n the paper is concerned with the analytic continuation , the asymptotic behavior and and arithmetic properties of those power series .  ⁇ n the paper is concerned with the analytic continuation , the asymptotic behavior and and arithmetic properties of those power series .  ⁇ n _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
b' in models with a massless goldstone boson , majoron , the neutrino - majoron coupling is diagonal in the mass basis .  ⁇ n it is shown that radiative corrections to the majoron coupling can induce non - diagonal elements in the mass basis .  ⁇ n this is shown to be not true in the singlet majoron model .  ⁇ n it is also shown explicitly in several models , by calculating the loops .  ⁇ n pacs numbers : 12.60.jv , 14.60.pq , 14.60.pq '
b' we report the results of a detailed investigation of the raman spectra of lead sulfide ( pbs ) .  ⁇ n the spectra are dominated by a band centered at around @xmath0 and a somewhat narrower peak at around @x
b' we report on the observation and study of magnetic quantum ratchet effect in ( cd , mn)te/(cd , mg)te diluted magnetic heterostructures and cdte / cdmgte quantum wells superimposed with lateral asymmetric superlattices . applying magnetic field @xmath0 along the growth direction we observe that the ratchet current exhibits sign - alternating @xmath1-periodic oscillations with amplitudes exceeding the ratchet signal at zero magnetic field .  ⁇ n the results are analyzed in terms of the theory of magnetic ratchet effects in quantum well structures with a lateral asymmetric periodic potential .  ⁇ n we show that the photocurrent generation is based on the combined action of a spatially periodic in - plane potential and the spatially modulated light due to the near field effects of radiation diffraction .  ⁇ n corresponding theoretical analysis describes the experimental results . '
b' we present a microscopic theory of polaron transport in organic molecular crystals based on a variational method .  ⁇ n the theory is able to describe the universal band - like - to - hopping transition as well as the temperature - dependent mobility at extremely low temperature .  ⁇ n the theory is able to capture the universal band - like - to - hopping transition as well as the crossover from band - like to hopping behavior as temperature increases .  ⁇ n the theory is able to capture the universal band - like - to - hopping transition as well as the temperature - independent mobility at extremely low temperature .  ⁇ n the theory is also able to describe the temperature dependence of mobility at extremely low temperature . '
b' we present a study of the globular cluster systems of the edge on spiral galaxie
b' we present a first - principles study of the structural and dynamical properties of batio@xmath0 , a prototypical example of the perovskite oxides .  ⁇ n we construct an effective hamiltonian to describe the important degrees of freedom of the system , and demonstrate its application to batio@xmath0 .  ⁇ 
b' this paper presents a mathematical model for the control of the ebola virus disease ( evd ) in west africa .  ⁇ 
b' this paper presents a novel approach for identification of cellular automata ( ca ) based on data mining techniques based on the rough sets theory .  ⁇ 
b' i investigate the hartle - hawking wavefunction in the bulk , and show that it is not non - perturbatively diffeomorphic to the hamiltonian .  ⁇ 
b' we present galex uv imagery and hi observations of four major galaxy interactions .  ⁇ 
b' we study the performance of a femtosecond nanocrystallography technique using a x - ray free electron laser ( xfel ) .  ⁇ n we use over - compression of the electron bunch at the last chicane and insert corrugated structures before the undulator section .  ⁇ n these structures generate strong wakefields which introduce a large energy drop along the bunch .  ⁇ n we demonstrate that the use of corrugated structures allows for a tenfold increase in radiation bandwidth .  ⁇ n we demonstrate that the use of corrugated structures allows for a tenfold increase in radiation bandwidth .  ⁇ n we also demonstrate that a few microjoule radiation pulse energy , a few femtosecond pulse duration , and a photon energy of 5.4 kev is possible . '
b' in this paper , we consider the structural analysis of dynamic lumped process models for high - index differential - algebraic equations ( dae ) systems .  ⁇ n we use pryce s method and the symbolic differential elimination package rifsimp in maple .  ⁇ n we show that pryce s method is a robust and reliable method for determining the index of the system , its number of degrees of freedom , and exactly which components should be given initial values .  ⁇ n we also show the experimental results of the structural analysis of simple process models using these approaches . '
b' we present a detailed analysis of the core radii of four star clusters in the large magellanic cloud ( lmc ) .  ⁇ 
b' we study the nonequilibrium dynamics of an isolated spin chain , each occupied by a local spin-@xmath0 degree of freedom , after a quantum quench .  ⁇ n we use exact wavefunctions for the heisenberg magnet to obtain quantitative results .  ⁇ n we then study the work probability distribution resulting from the quench for various system parameters .  ⁇ n we find that the work probability distribution is a power - law , with a power - law tail at large times , and a power - law tail at small times .  ⁇ n we also compute the loschmidt echo , which we compute .  ⁇ 
b' we consider a quantum field in the presence of a background potential .  ⁇ n we use a generalization of the casimir problem to local densities .  ⁇ 
b' we examine the income data from the australian bureau of statistics , and show that large sample distribution - free confidence intervals for ratios of quantiles based on standard theory have reliable coverage for moderate sample sizes .  ⁇ n we also find distribution free - standard errors for the ratio of quantiles which require distribution - free estimates of the quantile density at the two quantiles defining the ratio .  ⁇ n simulation studies show that these intervals rarely have coverage below the nominal level for several distributions that are commonly assumed for income populations , and that the intervals based on variance stabilization have more accurate coverage and smaller widths for small to moderate sample sizes .  ⁇ n similar good results are obtained for data fitted by the generalized lambda distribution .  ⁇ n the effects of contamination by a point mass of zero incomes or infinitesimal contamination are studied via simulations and influence functions .  ⁇ n interval estimators for the difference between two independent ratios are found effective .  ⁇ n the software r script for computing the intervals is found , and further research is suggested . '
b' this paper discusses algorithmic combinatorial game theory .  ⁇ n this paper covers games based on : arrays , sets , stacks , queues , priority queues , linked lists , and binary trees .  ⁇ 
b' we study the relaxation of the conductance of a coulomb glass model in the presence of a sudden quench or perturbation .  ⁇ n we show that the relaxation is a function of the waiting time @xmath0 and the ratio @xmath1 .  ⁇ n this behaviour is interpreted as simple aging .  ⁇ n we show that the relaxation is logarithmically slow and that the system demonstrates simple aging behavior in a stress aging protocol similar to what is observed in the experiments on ino films . '
b' we show that protein interaction networks ( ppi ) of 20 different organism
b' we study the dynamics of a discrete - time process , namely the motion of bodies in the solar system governed by newton s laws of gravity .  ⁇ n we show that the exponential map is chaotic in the sense of devaney .  ⁇ n we also give a new proof of a conjecture of misiurewicz . '
b' we present a study of the absorption spectrum towards the w3 complex , a strong , extended continuum source within our galaxy .  ⁇ n the absorption is seen in emission and absorption towards w3 .  ⁇ 
b' we have analyzed the wmap tt and te data in the low multipoles @xmath0 , and found that the wmap te data are systematically smaller than the best - fit cosmological model predictions .  ⁇ 
b' we develop a microscopic mean - field theory of the exciton condensate in a weak - disorder quantum hall bilayer .  ⁇ n we show that the transport properties of the condensate can be non - trivial even when the current is small enough that the coherence order parameter is time - independent .  ⁇ n a simplified version of this picture with a single parameter , which we refer to as _ p - ology _ , allows for virtual occupation of a pair - breaking edge channel and can be used to provide an approximate description of the crossover between strong and weak interlayer coupling regimes .  ⁇ n we also discuss transport in the case of a non stationary condensate , focusing on the simplest case in which both coherent and incoherent interlayer tunneling are absent .  ⁇ n we develop _ p - ology _ , which is intended to describe the influence of weaker coherence but assumes that quasiparticle transport is still edge dominated .  ⁇ n this phenomenology makes it clear that
b' we study the szilard heat engine ( she ) , which is a single - particle heat engine .  ⁇ n the demon in she distinguishes the positions of the particles after a partition has been inserted .  ⁇ n the demon can absorb heat from a single heat resource and convert it into work without apperant evoking other changes in the cycle .  ⁇ n the slot is no longer violated if one considered the entropy increase during the measurement .  ⁇ n however , the conventional cycle presented by szilard is actually not a thermodynamic cycle because the demon s memory has not been erased to complete the cycle .  ⁇ n however , a more general erasure should be done with a lower - temperature heat bath which is also called a heat sink .  ⁇ n in this suituation , the non - violation of slot can be proved by illustrating non - exceeding of carnot s efficiency .  ⁇ n it is realized that the effective temperature of the md s initial state actually charasticrize
b' we present three - dimensional hydrodynamic simulations of the interaction of a stellar wind with the interstellar medium ( ism ) .  ⁇ n we find that von karman - like vortices are produced in the wakes of asymptotic giant branch ( agb ) stars with size scales from @x
b' we study the effect of a time - varying fine - structure @xmath0 on the abundances of light elements .  ⁇ n we show that the effect of a time - varying @xmath0 on the abundances of light elements is quite different from that of a time - varying @xmath0 .  ⁇ 
b' we propose directional tests for segregation of two classes of points .  ⁇ n we compare these tests in terms of distributional properties , and empirical size and power through extensive monte carlo simulations .  ⁇ n we also compare these tests with ripley s @xmath0 functions and pair correlation functions .  ⁇ 
b' we present the spectroscopic properties of the ly@xmath0 emission lines from the star - forming galaxies at @xmath1 .  ⁇ n the ly@xmath0 emission is largely reprocessed by the neutral hydrogen gas with large bulk motion .  ⁇ n the ly@xmath0 line profiles are modeled by the spherically symmetric , optically thick , collapsing gas shell .  ⁇ n the expected line profiles are blueshifted and show double peaked profile .  ⁇ n the expected line profiles are redshifted and the red peak appears stronger due to the scattered components behind the original ly@xmath0 emission - line region .  ⁇ n the expected line profiles are blueshifted for typically 200 km / s , and the red peak appears stronger for typically 200 km / s .  ⁇ n the expected line profiles are blueshifted for typically 200 km / s , and the red peak appears stronger for typically 200 km / s .  ⁇ n the expected line profiles are blueshifted for typically 200
b' we present a semi - empirical approach to electronic transport that can be adopted for electronic conduction through complex hybrid systems by combining it with the nonequilibrium green s function technique for quantum transport .  ⁇ n our theoretical parameters are tailored to salient features of the bulk bandstructure , while the employment of non - orthogonal basis sets resembling linear combinations of underlying atomic orbitals seems to make them fairly transferrable to surfaces as well as to surfaces as well .  ⁇ n in addition , the presence of explicit basis sets opens up the possibility of  ⁇  stitching ' together disparate regions by matching the interfacial green s function , which is the _ only _ quantity through which the diverse regions communicate with each other quantum mechanically .  ⁇ n the modularity of our approach also allows us to conveniently separate the problems of determining the optimized interfacial geometry and the interfacial transmission , the former depending on the total energy of the system while the latter depends only on a few relevant single - electron levels near the fermi energy .  ⁇ 
b' cosmic rays , photons and neutrinos are the most energetic particles in nature .  ⁇ n they are detected in ground arrays and atmospheric fluorescence telescopes , detectors in satellites and balloons , air cherenkov telescopes , atmospheric fluorescence telescopes ( auger ) , air cherenkov telescopes ( act ) , air cherenkov telescopes ( act ) , detectors in satellites ( fermi ) , air cherenkov telescopes ( act ) , air cherenkov telescopes ( hess ) , atmospheric fluorescence telescopes ( ams ) , ground arrays and atmospheric fluorescence telescopes ( auger ) , satellites ( fermi ) , ground arrays and atmospheric fluorescence telescopes ( auger ) , ground arrays and atmospheric fluorescence telescopes ( auger ) , ground arrays and atmospheric fluorescence telescopes ( auger ) , ground arrays and atmospheric fluorescence telescopes ( ams ) , ground arrays and
b' we present the results of a survey of massive young clusters in the galactic center region .  ⁇ 
b' we show that the conditional poincar map of coupled chaotic oscillators can be used to detect phase synchronization ( ps ) , without actually measuring the phase .  ⁇ n we illustrate our findings with numerical and experimental analyzes in the forced chua s circuit , and the coupled rsller oscillator .  ⁇ n further , we extend these results to non - phase coherent attractors .  ⁇ n finally , we introduce a phase of a chaotic trajectory to be a quantity related to the amount of rotation of the tangent vector .  ⁇ n this definition can be used to chaotic attractors , independently whether they have phase - coherent or non - phase - coherent dynamics . '
b' we present mid - infrared observations of the tw hydrae association ( twa ) .  ⁇ n we find that the twa stars have little or no disk emission at 10 @xmath0 m .  ⁇ n we also find that the twa stars have a dust disk that is consistent with the presence of an inner disk hole .  ⁇ n we discuss the implications of this disk for the formation of planetary systems . '
b' we discuss the dijet azimuthal correlations in dis .  ⁇ n we discuss the effect of unintegrated gluon distribution on the dijet azimuthal correlations .  ⁇ n we discuss the phenomenological consequences of the unintegrated gluon distribution .  ⁇ n we discuss the sensitivity of the dijet azimuthal correlations to the unintegrated gluon distribution . '
b' we study the dynamics of a gas of atoms trapped in two - dimensional medium - scale square and triangular lattices .  ⁇ n we show that the many - body eigenstates of the system can be diagonalized in a way that is able to describe the dynamics of the system .  ⁇ n we discuss the approximations made to accomplish this .  ⁇ n we show that one can create single - photon sources in which the photon is emitted in a superposition of a few well - focused beams .  ⁇ n the direction of these beams is mainly determined by the geometry and spacing of the lattice .  ⁇ n we discuss the validity of the approximations made and take into account disorder caused by quantum uncertainty and/or temperature . '
b' we study the shear - induced behavior of a thin film of brownian spheres confined between two parallel plates .  ⁇ n the system is studied on the basis of overdamped brownian dynamics simulations without hydrodynamic interactions .  ⁇ n the particles interact via coloumb interactions and the confining walls are considered as smooth on the particle scale .  ⁇ n shear is then imposed via a force acting on each particle only depends on the distance relative to the walls .  ⁇ n the system is studied on the basis of overdamped brownian dynamics simulations without hydrodynamic interactions .  ⁇ n the particles interact via screened coloumb interactions and the confining walls are considered as smooth on the particle scale .  ⁇ n the particles interact via coloumb interactions and the confining walls are considered as smooth on the particle scale .  ⁇ n shear is then imposed via a force acting on each particle only depending on the distance relative to the walls .  ⁇ n the system is then studied on the basis of overdamped brownian dynamics simulations without hydrodynamic interactions .  ⁇ n
b' we study the aharonov - bohm effect in the noncommutative plane .  ⁇ n we show that the scattering amplitude is ultraviolet finite up to the one - loop order .  ⁇ n the amplitude involves logarithmic singularities as the noncommutative parameter tends to zero .  ⁇ n to eliminate them , it is necessary to include a quartic self - interaction for the scalar field . '
b' we present a general response theory for strongly - interacting multiband electronic systems based on the current - dipole kubo formula for the dynamical conductivity .  ⁇ n the structure of the intraband electron - hole propagators is determined by means of the quantum transport equation .  ⁇ 
b' we present a fully real space technique for the electronic structure of solids carrying extended random defects .  ⁇ n the method is based on the augmented space formalism , where the structure and hamiltonian of the relaxed defected lattice goes as an input into a recursive algorithm which gives us the electronic structure carrying the signatures of disorder .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a scheme to factorize numbers based on truncated fourier sum and its generalizations , like truncated gauss , kummer and exponential sums .  ⁇ n the proposed scheme can be extended to virtually any physical system where superposition among several different oscillations appears , from the mechanical pendulum with several degrees of freedom , through the atomic and solid state systems and their analogs in quantum mechanics . '
b' we study the dynamical chiral symmetry breaking ( d@xmath0sb ) in bulk gauge theories , based on the ladder schwinger - dyson equation .  ⁇ n we find that the bulk qcd coupling can not become sufficiently large to trigger the top condensation for @xmath1 , while the top condensation can be realized for @
b' in this research we present a mixed - integer linear programming model for the cell formation problem .  ⁇ n the objective function considered in this research is minimization of the exceptional elements number for a fixed number of cells .  ⁇ 
b' we present a theoretical analysis of the @xmath0 mixing amplitudes in the framework of the heavy flavor averaging group .  ⁇ n we find that the @xmath1-@xmath2 mixing amplitude is dominated by a 2.4 sigma effect .  ⁇ 
b' we present new measurements of the angular power spectrum of galaxies from the sloan digital sky survey ( sd
b' we present an extended theory of the single - magnet rotary flowmeter .  ⁇ n the force and torque on slowly moving and rotating magnets due to eddy currents in the layers of infinite horizontal extent and arbitrary depth are analyzed using linear - dipole and single - dipole approximations .  ⁇ n we obtain simple analytic solutions for the force and torque on slowly moving and rotating magnets due to eddy currents in the layers of infinite horizontal extent and arbitrary depth .  ⁇ n this allows us to find the equilibrium rotation rate of the magnet at which the torques due to the translation and rotation balance each other .  ⁇ n we also consider an active approach , where the force on the magnet is used to control its rotation rate so that the resulting force vanishe
b' we analyze the performance of several minimum - cost flow algorithms in the framework of smoothed analysis .  ⁇ n we show that the network simplex algorithm has a good worst - case running time , while the minimum - mean cycle canceling algorithm has a good worst - case running time .  ⁇ n we also show that the minimum - mean cycle canceling algorithm has a good worst - case running time .  ⁇ n we also show that the minimum - mean cycle canceling algorithm has a good worst - case running time .  ⁇ n we also show that the minimum - mean cycle canceling algorithm has a good worst - case running time .  ⁇ n we also show that the minimum - mean cycle canceling algorithm has a good worst - case running time .  ⁇ n we also show that the minimum - mean cycle canceling algorithm has a good worst - case running time .  ⁇ n we also show that the minimum - mean cycle canceling algorithm has a good worst - case running time .  ⁇ n we also show that the minimum - mean cycle cancel
b' tus ( tracking ultraviolet set - up ) is the first orbital detector of extreme energy cosmic rays ( eecrs ) .  ⁇ n it is based on a parabolic mirror - concentrator and a square - shaped photodetector aligned to the focal plane of the mirror .  ⁇ n the instrument consists of a parabolic mirror - concentrator of the fresnel type and a square - shaped photodetector aligned to the focal plane of the mirror .  ⁇ n the mirror has an area of about 2 m and a 1.5 m focal distance .  ⁇ n the photodetector is aligned to the focal plane of the mirror .  ⁇ n the photodetector is a hamamatsu r1463 photomultiplier tube with a 13 m diameter .  ⁇ n the pixel of the photodetector is a hamamatsu r1463 photomultiplier tube with a 13 m diameter .  ⁇ n
b' we investigate the carrier - envelope phase ( cep ) of few - cycle laser pulses with a counter - rotating term ( crt ) .  ⁇ n the crt - dependent effects on the spontaneous emission damping are investigated .  ⁇ n the crt - dependent effects are found to be very important for the cep measurement .  ⁇ 
b' we examine various aspects of the modified newtonian gravity ( mond ) after outlining cosmology and lensing in the relativistic mond .  ⁇ n we show that the mond theory is a falsifiable theory with respectable theoretical underpinnings comparable almost to the rival dark matter ( dm ) theory .  ⁇ n we also show that the mond theory is a falsifiable theory with respectable theoretical underpinnings .  ⁇ n we also show that the mond theory is a falsifiable theory with respectable theoretical underpinnings comparable almost to the rival dark matter theory . '
b' we study the ground state magnetic order of the mixed layer pnictide oxides .  ⁇ n we develop a simple model of classical heisenberg spins with nearest neighbor interlayer and intralayer interactions .  ⁇ n the basic structural unit is a set of two layers , one of type mn(1 ) and one of type mn(2 ) .  ⁇ 
b' we study the possibility of measuring the spin of a heavy unstable particle with one or more invisible daughter(s ) in hadron collider environment .  ⁇ n we consider the 3-body decay of the minimal supersymmetric standard model gluino into a quark - antiquark pair and a weak gaugino , q+|q+ .  ⁇ n we show that the invariant mass distribution of the jets produced in this decay contains non - trivial information about the gluino spin .  ⁇ n we also discuss the possibility of measuring the spin of the gluino in the mssm .  ⁇ n we find that the gluino spin can be determined by measuring the angular correlations between the observable particles emitted in subsequent steps of a cascade decay .  ⁇ n we also discuss the possibility of measuring the spin of the gluino in the mssm . '
b' the alice experiment at the large hadron collider has measured the @xmath0 and @xmath1-integrated ratios of identified particles in proton - proton collisions at @
b' we propose that the main linac of the nlc should be bending by vertically translating already existing nlc quadrupoles .  ⁇ n we thus propose that steering is accomplished by precisely aligning all the quads  ⁇  level '' along the equipotential and then raising the vertically defocusing ( d ) quadrupoles to steer the beam through the centers of the vertically focusing ( f ) quads .  ⁇ n bending at the d quad locations will minimize the generated dispersion .  ⁇ n to estimate the order of magnitude of dispersion produced by such an arrangement , we calculate ( a ) assuming a periodic sequence of magnets while ( b ) neglecting the effects of acceleration and ( c ) keeping only leading terms in the bend angle .  ⁇ n our results will be reasonably correct provided that upstream injection into the main linac is redesigned to match the new arrangement .  ⁇ n nlc , linac , nlc , nlc , nlc 
b' we discuss some aspects of the dynamics of radical opinion formation in virtual social networks .  ⁇ n we focus on the case of counter terrorist attacks on a part of the local population which has been radicalized in a way such that western social classification dubs them terrorists .  ⁇ n we show that the number of passive supporters , the physical mobility of active terrorists and the phase transition associated with it are closely related .  ⁇ n we also discuss the role of the number of passive supporters in the dynamics of radical opinion formation .  ⁇ n we show that the number of passive supporters is a sensitive measure of the strength of the attack .  ⁇ n we also discuss the role of the number of passive supporters in the dynamics of radical opinion formation .  ⁇ n we show that the number of passive supporters is a sensitive measure of the strength of the attack .  ⁇ n we also discuss the role of the number of passive supporters in the dynamics of radical opinion formation .  ⁇ n pacs numbers : 89.75.-a , 89.75.-a , 89.75.-a '
b' quasar absorption line ( qal ) studies have evolved past the stage of counting the number of absorption lines due to a particular ion as a function of equivalent width and redshift .  ⁇ n no longer do we merely counting the number of absorption lines due to a particular ion as a function of equivalent width and redshift ; instead we are poised at the dawn of an era in which we can explore the structure , metallicities , ionization conditions , and kinematics within the individual galaxies that produce the absorption lines .  ⁇ n this article begins with a review of the insights that are likely to be gained through absorption studies of the milky way and of nearby galaxies .  ⁇ n the third section is a discussion of studies designed to discern the overall geometric cross sections of low ionization galactic gas .  ⁇ n the third section also focuses on studies designed to discern the overall geometric cross sections of low ionization gas .  ⁇ n the first part of this article is a review of the results of q
b' we present numerical simulations of chemical enrichment of dwarf galaxies , aimed at reproducing the chemical properties of the sculptor dwarf spheroidal ( scl ) .  ⁇ n we show that the sculptor scl is a very metal poor ( vmps ) galaxy , with a metallicity lower than [ fe / h]=-3 .  ⁇ 
b' we study the qcd dynamics at high energies in the framework of the saturation model .  ⁇ n we consider the process @xmath0 and the process @xmath1 .  ⁇ n we show that the qcd dynamics at high energies can be probed by the lhc .  ⁇ n we also discuss the sensitivity of the lhc to the saturation scale @xmath2 . '
b' we study the competition between @xmath0-density wave ( ddw ) order and the pseudogap of the cuprate superconductors .  ⁇ n we consider the hubbard model , the @xmath1 model , and generalizations of these .  ⁇ 
b' in this lecture series we discuss two topics : computational models based on the concept of the continuum , extended proof systems for more efficient certificates of optimality in the part 2 of this lecture series , we describe efficient evaluation methods for the effect of exponential number of constraints in the context of continuum based algorithms .  ⁇ n we illustrate these ideas by considering concrete examples of finding maximum independent set in a graph and the satisfiability problem .  ⁇ n objective function for these problems is treated by non - convex optimization methods covered in part 3 .  ⁇ n _ keywords _ : continuum , satisfiability , satisfiability , non - convex optimization , non - convex optimization . '
b' we study the non - perturbative contribution of calorons to the energy density induced by the perturbative fluctuations in the background of a non - trivial polyakov loop .  ⁇ n we show that the non - perturbative contribution of calorons to the energy density has a minimum where the trace of the polyakov loop vanishes .  ⁇ n this minimum is a local minimum , which deepens further for decreasing temperature .  ⁇ n this gives support for a phase in which the center symmetry , broken in the high temperature phase , is restored and provides an indication that the monopole constituents are the relevant degrees of freedom for the confined phase . '
b' the jagiellonian - pet ( j - pet ) collaboration aims at the construction of a tof - pet scanner with a large field of view ( up to about 1 m ) and a superior time difference ( tof ) resolution by application of fast plastic scintillators instead of organic crystals .  ⁇ n the j - pet detector consists of a single module of a plastic scintillator strip forming a diagnostic chamber .  ⁇ n the detector is built out of plastic scintillators arranged axially .  ⁇ n the j - pet detector is built out of plastic scintillators forming a diagnostic chamber .  ⁇ n the j - pet detector is built out of plastic scintillators forming a diagnostic chamber .  ⁇ n the j - pet detector is built out of plastic scintillators arranged axially .  ⁇ n the j - pet detector is built out of plastic scintillators forming a diagnostic chamber .  ⁇ n the j
b' let @xmath0 be a compact , oriented surface , with or without boundary , and @xmath1 be a homeomorphism isotopic to the identity .  ⁇ n we introduce rotation vectors and braids for periodic orbits on orientable surfaces .  ⁇ n we show that topologically monotone periodic orbits ( trivial braids ) are quite  ⁇  rare '' on surfaces with negative euler characteristic .  ⁇ n this motivates the definition of simple braids ( which are not that rare ) .  ⁇ n the main theorem of this paper can be viewed as a sharkovskii - type forcing result non - simple braids force the existence of simple braids .  ⁇ n also , the main theorem of this paper can be viewed as a sharkovskii - type forcing result non - simple braids force the existence of simple braids . '
b' we study the electronic transport properties of single - helical proteins within tight - binding framework .  ⁇ n we propose a model hamiltonian to explore the electronic transport through single - helical proteins incorporating both the helical symmetry and possibility of multiple charge conduction pathways ( mccp ) .  ⁇ n we study different transport properties from localization behaviour to i - v response including the effects of environment that are modeled in terms of disordered on - site potential of the amino acids within the tight - binding hamiltonian .  ⁇ n our investigations show that due to presence of mccp the effects of environment are much smaller which enable long range coherent charge transfer in these proteins .  ⁇ n interplay of helical symmetry and disorder also has non - trivial effects on localization and i - v responses of the protein molecules . '
b' we propose a simple model for the internal - external shock scenario of gamma - ray bursts ( grbs ) .  ⁇ n we show that if the distribution of the lorentz factor is not uniform , but instead its logarithm is distributed uniformly , then the typical ratio of lorentz factors between neighboring shells is considerably larger .  ⁇ n this model can be tested by a number of observations .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new optical cavity qed experiment , based on a low - velocity intense source of @xmath0rb atoms .  ⁇ n the cavity is a single - mode optical cavity , with a finesse of 11,000 and a decay rate of @xmath1 s@xmath1 .  ⁇ n the cavity is a 2-d optical molasses , with a resonator containing a single atom .  ⁇ n the cavity is a single - mode optical cavity , with a finesse of 11,000 and a decay rate of @xmath1 s@xmath1 .  ⁇ n the cavity is a single - mode optical cavity , with a finesse of 11,000 and a finesse of 11,000 .  ⁇ n the cavity is a single - mode optical cavity , with a finesse of 11,000 and a finesse of 11,000 .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed analysis of the chemical abundances of the globular cluster ngc6522 .  ⁇ n we find that the abundances of slow neutron - capture elements are high , compared to the abundances of other globular clusters .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed analysis of the x - ray properties of the low - mass x - ray binary ( lmxb ) xte j1118@xmath7480 , which is a close binary with a black hole ( bh ) .  ⁇ 
b' we study the chiral multiplets of bare hadrons , in particular of baryons , in the broken symmetry world .  ⁇ n we use the @xmath0 and @xmath1 chiral transformations of the two independent @xmath2 and @xmath3 local nucleon fields to write down the possible nucleon - meson interaction terms .  ⁇ n we find that the @xmath4 and @xmath5 chiral multiplets are allowed by the pauli principle , and that the @xmath5 chiral multiplets are allowed by the pauli principle .  ⁇ n we also find that the @xmath5 chiral multiplets are allowed by the pauli principle .  ⁇ n we also discuss the chiral multiplets of the @xmath5 and @xmath5 chiral multiplets .  ⁇ n chiral multiplets , chiral multiplets , pauli principle , chiral multiplets , chiral multiplets
b' the 6df galaxy survey ( 6dfgs ) is a redshift and peculiar velocity survey of the southern sky .  ⁇ n it aims to measure the baryon acoustic oscillation ( bao ) scale to a precision of 1% .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new , web - based , sca , a new , scalable , and extensible , x - ray cluster simulation system .  ⁇ n the sca is a workbench - style system that allows users to interact with the archived data over the web .  ⁇ n the user selects a cluster from a catalog list or a 3d vrml map .  ⁇ 
b' we develop the effective potential analytic continuation ( epac ) method to calculate the real time quantum correlation function involving nonlinear operators in @
b' we discuss the formalism of quantum field theory in hilbert space .  ⁇ n we discuss the schrdinger equation as a particular limit of the klein - gordon equation .  ⁇ 
b' we study the bps solutions of a deformed wess - zumino model in 2 dimensions .  ⁇ n we show that the deformation of superspace by non - anticommuting odd coordinates does not violate the supersymmetry .  ⁇ n we also show that the bps solutions of the deformed wess - zumino model in 2 dimensions are a dynamical field , which breaks the supersymmetry explicitly .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate distributed supervisory control of concurrent discrete - event systems .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the nordic electricity spot power market ( nord pool spot ) , where cfds ( contracts for difference ) are not traded at nasdaq omx commodities .  ⁇ n we assume that the nordic electricity spot system price has been changed by a factor of two , and that the cfds are not traded at nasdaq omx commodities .  ⁇ 
b' we study how the unruh effect affects the min for both the dirac and bosonic fields .  ⁇ 
b' in this paper , we propose an iterative algorithm for solving the qos - constrained power minimization ( qcpm ) problem in multi - user mimo ( mu - mimo ) downlink systems .  ⁇ 
b' we use the axiomatic method to provide a logic - based conceptual analysis of the twin paradox theorem .  ⁇ n we logically compare the twin paradox with a prediction ( slowing down of moving clocks ) as well as a symmetry axiom of special relativity .  ⁇ n we show that the twin paradox is logically weaker than the assumption of the slowing down of moving clocks .  ⁇ n we also show that the twin paradox is logically weaker than a symmetry axiom of special relativity .  ⁇ n we show that the absoluteness of time ( in the newtonian sense ) is not equivalent to the lack of the twin paradox without assuming a strong theoretical axiom .  ⁇ n we also show that the absoluteness of time ( in the newtonian sense ) is not equivalent to the lack of the twin paradox ( no - twp ) without assuming a strong theoretical axiom . '
b' we present a detailed analysis of the dynamics of a self - gravitating , infinitesimally thin and collisionless disk .  ⁇ n the model particles are modeled by a spherical , axisymmetric , spherical , and spherical , spherical , spherical , and spherical , spherical , spherical , and spherical , spherical , and spherical , spherical , and spherical , spherical , and spherical , spherical , and spherical , spherical , and spherical , spherical , and spherical , spherical , and spherical , spherical , and spherical , spherical , and spherical , sp
b' we derive and investigate the exact time - dependent distributions of the probability density function of an overdamped particle in a piecewise linear random potential driven by a constant bias force at zero temperature .  ⁇ n the analytical results are compared with those obtained from direct numerical simulation and the asymptotic behavior of the probability density in the limits of small and large times .  ⁇ n the results are compared with those obtained from direct numerical simulation .  ⁇ n pacs numbers : 05.45.-a , 05.70.-a , 05.70.-a '
b' we study the decoherence dynamics of a single spin coupled to a disordered spin chain .  ⁇ n we show that the decoherence of the single spin can be used as a probe for the many - body localized phase of the system .  ⁇ 
b' we calculate the spectra of rapidly rotating neutron stars , using realistic equation of state ( eos ) models .  ⁇ n we use the axisymmetric metric to calculate the metric coefficients and the bulk structure parameters of the neutron star .  ⁇ n we solve einstein s field equations and the equation of hydrostatic equilibrium simultaneously .  ⁇ n we compute the temperature profile and hence the spectrum for a thin blackbody disk .  ⁇ n we compute the spectra for different eos models , including the doppler shift , gravitational redshift and light bending effects .  ⁇ n we also compute the spectra for different eos models , which can be used to constrain eoss .  ⁇ n we present an analytical function which describes both the relativistic spectra and the newtonian spectra well .  ⁇ n we also present a series of approximate parametric fits to our computed spectra in a forthcoming publication . '
b' we present a joint partition function analysis ( jpfa ) for multifractal turbulence .  ⁇ n the jpfa is based on the hentschel - procaccia - halsey - halsey - halsey - halsey - halsey - halsey - halsey - halsey - halsey - halsey - halsey - halsey - halsey - halsey - halsey - halsey - halsey - halsey - halsey - halsey - halsey - halsey - halsey - halsey - halsey - halsey - halsey - halsey - 
b' we present the first results of the astro - f all - sky survey .  ⁇ n the astro - f satellite is designed as the second japanese space mission for infrared astronomy .  ⁇ n the astro - f satellite has a 67 cm telescope cooled to 5.8 k , and covers wide wavelength range from k - band to 200 @xmath0 m with two focal plane instruments : far - infrared surveyor ( fis ) and infrared camera ( irc ) .  ⁇ n the sensitivity and the spatial resolution of the astro - f / fis all - sky survey are much better than those of the iras all - sky survey .  ⁇ n the astro - f / fis all - sky survey will serve as valuable input catalogues for large - aperture space telescopes such as first ( pilbratt 2000 ) and also for 810 m class ground - based telescopes .
b' we present a new adaptive resolution molecular dynamics ( md ) scheme for the study of a polymer chain in solution .  ⁇ n the atomistic resolution of the sphere of solvent molecules is used to move the chain around .  ⁇ n the sphere of solvent molecules moves together with the center of mass of the chain .  ⁇ n the resulting chain is free to move around , although the explicit resolution sphere is much smaller than the overall simulation volume .  ⁇ n the solvating phenomena manifest themselves at mesoscopic and mesoscopic length scales and in the overall structure of the chain .  ⁇ n the solvating phenomena manifest themselves at mesoscopic and mesoscopic length scales and in the overall structure of the chain .  ⁇ n the solvating phenomena manifest themselves at mesoscopic and mesoscopic length scales and in the overall structure of the chain .  ⁇ n the solvating phenomena manifest themselves at mesoscopic and mesoscopic length scales .  ⁇ n the solvating phenomena manifest themselves at mesoscopic and mesoscopic length scales .  ⁇ n the solv
b' this article discusses estimating the effect of a time - varying treatment .  ⁇ n the main reason is the so - called confounding by indication or selection bias .  ⁇ n this article focuses on the effect of a medical treatment which is adapted to a patient s state during the course of time .  ⁇ n the main assumption underlying these models is that all information the doctors used to make treatment decisions , and which is predictive of the patient s prognosis with respect to the final outcome , is available for analysis .  ⁇ n this assumption of  ⁇  no unmeasured confounding '
b' we examine how the key ingredients in the reionization process can be probed by qso spectra and future high redshift galaxy surveys .  ⁇ n we find that qso spectra can be used to probe the distribution of ionized gas in a semi - analytic model for galaxy formation .  ⁇ 
b' we study the electronic structure of graphene in the presence of a coulomb field .  ⁇ n we show that the coulomb field is instantaneous in the presence of a coulomb field .  ⁇ 
b' we present a density functional theory ( dft ) study of the vibrational properties of azabenzene molecules , pyridine , pyrimidine , pyrimidine , pyrimidine , pyrimidine , pyrimidine , pyrimidine , 1,2,4,5-tetraazabenzene and 1,2,4,5-tetraazabenzene .  ⁇ 
b' we present @xmath0-band and x - ray light curves of the galactic x - ray binary gr
b' we present a new fast algorithm for trivariate interpolation , which is characterized by the construction of a cube - partition searching procedure , which is characterized by the repeated use of a _ quicksort _ routine with respect to different directions .  ⁇ n moreover , this technique is strictly related to the construction of a partition of the domain in cubes and depends on the size of its subdomains , thus producing a nearest neighbor searching procedure , which is particularly efficient in local interpolation methods .  ⁇ n numerical experiments show efficiency and accuracy of the cube algorithm . '
b' we report the detection of a periodicity in the radio emission from the ultracool dwarf tvlm 513 - 46546 .  ⁇ n the periodicity was once again present , but the dwarf was found to be in a much more active state than in previous epochs , producing periodic bursts of extremely bright 100% circularly polarized emission .  ⁇ n these observations provide direct confirmation that ultracool dwarfs can produce persistent levels of broadband , 100% polarized , coherent electron cyclotron maser emission .  ⁇ n the periodicity reported by @xcite was once again present , but the dwarf was found to be much more active than in previous epochs , producing a much more intense burst of extremely bright 100% circularly polarized emission .  ⁇ n these observations provide direct confirmation that ultracool dwarfs can produce persistent levels of broadband , 100% polarized , coherent electron cyclotron maser emission . '
b' we review the recent developments in the field of inclusive decays of heavy flavours .  ⁇ n the first part of the review is based on an operator product expansion , which yields an infinite sum of operators with increasing dimension .  ⁇ n the dimension of the operators is compensated by inverse powers of a large scale .  ⁇ n the decay probability is then given as forward matrix elements of these operators .  ⁇ n the method is applied to the charged lepton energy spectrum in inclusive semileptonic decays .  ⁇ n it turns out that the endpoint region can not be described by a @xmath0 expansion ; instead a partial resummation of the @xmath0 expansion is required .  ⁇ n a few open questions are currently under study . '
b' we propose a method for the fabrication of spatially separated atomic populations , using a bose - hubbard model .  ⁇ n we show that a quantum optical beamsplitter can split an initial condensate in the central well into two separated entangled condensates , with the detection of the entanglement being sensitive to both the initial quantum state of the condensate in the central well , and to the actual criteria used .  ⁇ n we then examine and compare a quantum optical beamsplitter with one vacuum input with regard to the same correlations and input quantum states .  ⁇ n we find that the entanglement we observe is a collective property between atomic modes which are spatially separated , and is not between individual atoms .  ⁇ n we also show that the entanglement we observe is sensitive to the initial quantum state of the condensate in the central well , and to the actual criteria used .  ⁇ n we also show that a quantum optical beamsplitter with one vacuum input can be used to produce spatially separated atomic
b' we report the magnetic field and temperature dependence of the optical coherence of a weakly - doped er@xmath0 fiber .  ⁇ n the fiber features long - lived persistent spectral holes with very similar characteristics .  ⁇ n we find that the coherence lifetimes are significantly reduced by coupling with bistable two - level systems .  ⁇ n however , the optimal configuration for persistent spectral hole burning in this material is found at weak magnetic fields of around 0.05 t .  ⁇ n this result is highly desirable for applications requiring both long coherence times as well as long spin state lifetimes . '
b' we propose a general framework for the modeling of multiple yield curves .  ⁇ n we assume the existence of a numraire - martingale measure couple and assume the existence of a numraire - martingale measure couple .  ⁇ n we then model the logarithm of the multiplicative spreads and of the numraire process as affine functions of an underlying affine process .  ⁇ n the framework allows for an automatic fit to the initial observed term structures of ois bond prices and spreads , a transparent characterization of order relations between spreads associated to different tenors , and efficient valuation formulae for caplets and swaptions in a multi - curve setting .  ⁇ n we also analyze a specification based on wishart processes and we derive a novel closed - form formula for the price of a caplet , expressed in terms of the distribution function of weighted sums of independent non - central chi - square - distributed random variables .  ⁇ n we test the empirical performance of two simple specifications of our
b' we present a preliminary test of the self - similar scaling relations of clusters and groups .  ⁇ n we find that the self - similar scaling relations are not followed , and that features can arise quantitatively that mimic a pre - heating model .  ⁇ n the breaking of self - similarity from clusters to groups is due to an increased cooling efficiency in smaller systems , and does not imply additional heat or entropy input at early times .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the possibility to stabilize a potentially rayleigh - taylor unstable system involving a magnetic fluid by external magnetic fields .  ⁇ n we show that moderate fields which can be switched on and off are sufficient to achieve the desired stabilization .  ⁇ n we also show that a static magnetic field with the magnetic force counterbalancing gravity is able to suppress all possible unstable modes of the system .  ⁇ n we show that for experimentally relevant parameter values moderate fields which can easily be switched on and off are sufficient to achieve the desired stabilization . '
b' we study the scaling behavior of the entanglement of regions with their exterior in a general setting of harmonic bosonic lattice systems .  ⁇ n we show that the degree of entanglement in terms of the von neumann entropy scales asymptotically as the area of the boundary of the distinguished region .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the x - ray properties of six supernova remnants ( snrs ) , focusing on the x - ray sources that they contain .  ⁇ 
b' we present a test of the corotational resonance ( cr ) in the bright disk of the barred spiral galaxy ngc1313 .  ⁇ n the test requires moderately deep imaging in typical seeing .  ⁇ n no rotation curve data are necessary .  ⁇ n the test is based on a spherical , elliptical , and a spherical , spherical , spherical , spherical , and spherical symmetry .  ⁇ n the test is based on a spherical symmetry , and is based on a spherical symmetry .  ⁇ n the test is based on a spherical symmetry , and is based on a spherical symmetry .  ⁇ n the test is based on a spherical symmetry , and is based on a spherical symmetry .  ⁇ n the test is based on a spherical symmetry
b' we study the annihilation - diffusion problem in a two - species system with a power - law long - range interaction .  ⁇ n we show that the density decay is governed by the kinetic rate - equation , and that the annihilation - diffusion rate - equation is a generalization of the kinetic rate - equation .  ⁇ 
b' we study a pseudo - spin 1/2 boson system subject to three - dimensional spin - orbit coupling in a harmonic trap .  ⁇ n we first try to couple two lowest energy levels with the same total angular momentum @xmath0 into two spinor wave functions with total angular momentum magnetic quantum number @
b' we study the existence of localized solutions in the variable coefficient nonlinear schrdinger ( nls ) equation .  ⁇ n we show that the existence of the envelope soliton , breather , and rogue wave solutions is a natural consequence of the existence of the envelope soliton .  ⁇ 
b' we apply a non - parametric method to the gold supernovae data and to the snls data .  ⁇ n we reconstruct the hubble parameter , @xmath0 , and the distance factor , @xmath1 , up to a redshift of @xmath2 , independently of the assumption of any cosmological model .  ⁇ n we then compare the derived expansion history of universe with the results of baryon acoustic peak observations .  ⁇ n we find that there is a good agreement between supernovae data ( both gold and snls ) and the baryon acoustic peak observations for the values @xmath3 .  ⁇ n the derived value of @xmath4 is then used to reconstruct the equation of state of dark energy for both supernovae datasets .  ⁇ n we also carry out a similar treatment on the snls dataset .  ⁇ n we find that the derived value of @xmath4 is consistent with the results of the baryon acoustic peak
b' we report the first - principles calculations of the electronic structure of @xmath0-tas@xmath1 .  ⁇ n the electronic structure of @xmath0-tas@xmath1 shows a cdi@xmath1-type layered structure with ta atoms octahedrally coordinated by s atoms .  ⁇ n the electronic structure of @xmath0-tas@xmath1 shows a cdi@xmath1-type structure with ta atoms octahedrally coordinated by s atoms .  ⁇ n the electronic structure of @xmath0-tas@xmath1 shows a cdi@xmath1-type structure with ta atoms octahedrally coordinated by s atoms .  ⁇ n the electronic structure of @xmath0-tas@xmath1 shows a cdi@xmath1-type structure with ta atom
b' we present the first results of a comprehensive investigation of the star formation in the small magellanic cloud ( smc ) .  ⁇ n we used the hst / acs wide field channel ( wf ) to map the star cluster ngc346 .  ⁇ 
b' we study the well - posedness of classical solutions of the vlasov - maxwell system in the presence of relativistic velocity corrections .  ⁇ 
b' we review some of the most important observables for constraining models of flavored dark matter .  ⁇ n we then review some of the results which exist in the literature .  ⁇ n we then discuss the implications of these observables for the relic density of dark matter and the baryon asymmetry . '
b' we present a new observable related to the asymmetry factor of the time structure of the signals in the water - erenkov detectors of the pierre auger observatory .  ⁇ 
b' we consider the nonperturbative schwinger formula for the production of partons in a strong , uniform background electric field .  ⁇ n we show that the schwinger formula is valid in the abelian approximation , and that the source term in the boltzmann transport equation is necessary in the one - particle phase space .  ⁇ n we also show that the source term in the transport equation is necessary in the abelian approximation .  ⁇ n we also discuss the role of the colour field in the formation of quark - gluon plasma . '
b' we investigate the circuit complexity of universal quantum cloning and estimate the time required to make @xmath0 copies of @
b' we have studied a fossil bone found in the course of the archaeological excavation of a workshop for the processing of flintstones at malu rosu , giurgiu , in romania .  ⁇ 
b' we report the structural , magnetic and electronic properties of bafe@xmath0se@xmath0o , a two - leg ladder selenide superconductor .  ⁇ n bafe@xmath0se@xmath0o is a layered iron oxyselenide with a long - range antiferromagnetic ( afm ) order with @x
b' we study the application of polar - type decompositions to the numerical analysis of differential equations of evolution .  ⁇ n we show that polar - type decompositions can be used to reduce the implementation costs of numerical integrators for differential equations on lie groups .  ⁇ n we also discuss the application of polar - type decompositions to the numerical analysis of differential equations on lie groups . '
b' we study the possibility that a black hole forms in a significant fraction of the deaths of massive stars .  ⁇ n we consider four types of long duration transients : 1 ) single supergiants with metallicity less than about @xmath0 , 2 ) red or blue supergiants in tidally - locked , or nearly tidally - locked binaries , 3 ) pair - instability induced collapse to a black hole , and 4 ) helium stars in tidally - locked binaries .  ⁇ n we find that the duration of the transient is correlated with the radius of the presupernova star , hence shortest for the helium stars , while the luminosity is inversely correlated with the radius , hence fainter for the helium stars .  ⁇ n we also find that the efficiency for converting black hole accretion rate into electromagnetic radiation is @xmath1 times @xmath2 .  ⁇ n we suggest that the efficiency for converting black hole accretion into electromagnetic
b' we present a detailed study of fine - scale chromospheric phenomena in sunspot s umbra using h@xmath0 imaging spectroscopy data obtained with the new solar telescope ( nst ) .  ⁇ n the data allowed us to fully resolve ubiquitous dynamic umbral h@xmath1 jet - like features and measure their general properties .  ⁇ 
b' we study the decoherence process due to spontaneous symmetry breaking in a quantum many - particle system .  ⁇ n we show that the presence of a thin spectrum can cause decoherence .  ⁇ 
b' the equation of state of dense matter under extreme conditions of temperature and density is a key ingredient for a correct description of the mechanical and thermal properties of many astrophysical bodies , including giant planets , low - mass stars , and so - called compact stars .  ⁇ n the correct description of these objects therefore requires the knowledge of the equation of state and the transport properties of such dense plasmas .  ⁇ 
b' we present a novel architecture for object registration that combines the detailed information of the scale - variability with the exploitation of discriminative information .  ⁇ n we train our architecture only from positive samples and then normalize every training point cloud into a unit cube and then generate a set of scale - space images , each of which is separated by a constant factor .  ⁇ n the parts extracted from the images in this set are represented with the scale - variant histogram of control points ( hocp ) features .  ⁇ n we normalize every training point cloud into a unit cube and then generate a set of scale - space images , each of which is separated by a constant factor .  ⁇ n the parts extracted from the images in this set are represented with the scale - variant hocp features .  ⁇ n we then normalize each training point cloud into a unit cube and then generate a set of scale - space images , each of which is separated by a constant factor .  ⁇ n the parts extracted from the images in this set are represented with the scale - variant hoc
b' we present a number of issues surrounding the formation of massive stars , beginning with a comparison to what we know about the formation of low mass stars , proceeding through some systematic studies of early stages of massive star formation , and ending with some speculations about the initial conditions for massive star formation . '
b' we present a search for gravitational waves ( gws ) associated with the soft gamma repeater sgr 1806@xmath120 .  ⁇ 
b' we study the influence of a noisy environment on a quantum state .  ⁇ n the environment - induced noise is modeled by a markovian dynamics .  ⁇ 
b' we study the physical meaning of structures within the wilkinson microwave anisotropy probe ( wmap ) first - year data , not recognized and/or removed by the cleaning methods used by the wmap team ( bennett at al .  ⁇ n 2003a , b ) .  ⁇ n we apply two simple analytical methods to study possible foreground or observational effects in the wmap first - year data , not recognized and/or p removed by the cleaning methods used by the wmap team ( bennett at al .  ⁇ n 2003a , b ) .  ⁇ n we find that the wmap data are consistent with the gaussian primordial fluctuations and provide limits to the amplitude of non - gaussian ones .  ⁇ n we also show that the wmap data are consistent with the gaussian primordial fluctuations and provide limits to the amplitude of non - gaussian ones .  ⁇ n we also show that the wmap data are consistent with the gaussian primordial fluctuations .  ⁇ n
b' we discuss the problem of constructing a complete characterization of a quantum process with superconducting qubits .  ⁇ n we show that the standard matrix @xmath0 can be used to represent the results of a quantum process with less than 4 qubits .  ⁇ n we also discuss the problem of constructing a complete characterization of a quantum gate with a single qubit . '
b' we report the detection and measurement of the extinction of a single plasmonic antenna in a standard terahertz time - domain spectrometer .  ⁇ n the antenna is formed by two triangular monomers with facing apexes and separated by a 5 micron gap .  ⁇ n the antenna exhibits a localized surface plasmon resonance at 0.4 thz when excited by a plane wave polarized along its long axis .  ⁇ n the extinction cross section of the antenna is much smaller than the size of the thz pulse in standard thz - tds setups .  ⁇ n the extinction cross section of the antenna is much smaller than the size of the thz pulse .  ⁇ n the extinction cross section of the antenna is much smaller than the size of the thz pulse .  ⁇ n the extinction cross section of the antenna is much smaller than the size of the thz pulse .  ⁇ n the extinction cross section of the antenna is much smaller than the size of the thz pulse .  ⁇ n the
b' we present a generalization of the bakamjian - thomas construction to the case of a system of interacting particles .  ⁇ n the construction is based on the construction of the dynamical representations of the poincar group in the presence of interactions with a finite number of particle degrees of freedom .  ⁇ n we show that the resulting poincar generators are a tensor product on states representing asymptotically separated subsystems .  ⁇ n we also show that the resulting generators are a tensor product on states representing asymptotically separated subsystems .  ⁇ n we also show that the resulting generators are a tensor product on states representing asymptotically separated subsystems .  ⁇ n we also discuss the implications of the bakamjian - thomas construction for the faddeev calculations of three - nucleon scattering . '
b' we propose a novel bulk time - multiplexed scheme for the generation of periodic single - photon sources .  ⁇ n the scheme is based on spontaneous parametric down - conversion in bulk crystals and a multistage delay line .  ⁇ n we analyze the performance of the proposed scheme for various kinds of multiplexed systems , namely an ideal multiplexing system , a spatial multiplexing system , and a time - multiplexed scheme .  ⁇ n we show that the proposed scheme can be the best considering state - of - art experimental technology , comparing to the other known schemes . '
b' we present a 3d simulation of the reconnection process in the earth magnetotail .  ⁇ 
b' we analyze the stability of the einstein static universe in @xmath0 modified gravity .  ⁇ n we find that the einstein static universe is neutrally stable against homogeneous and inhomogeneous scalar perturbations , and neutrally stable against inhomogeneous adiabatic scalar density perturbations if the sound speed satisfies @xmath1 .  ⁇ n we also show that the einstein static universe is neutrally stable against inhomogeneous scalar density perturbations if the sound speed satisfies @xmath1 . '
b' we present the results of a study of the dynamics of reconnected flux tubes in solar flares .  ⁇ n the atmospheric imaging assembly ( aia ) on the _ solar dynamics observatory _ ( _ sdo _ ) has observed a number of post - flare loop arcades .  ⁇ n the aia 94 and 131 channels observe emission from and , respectively .  ⁇ n the aia 94 and 131 channels observe emission from and , respectively .  ⁇ n the aia 94 and 131 channels observe emission from and , respectively .  ⁇ n the aia 94 and 131 channels observe emission from and , respectively .  ⁇ n the aia 94 and 131 channels observe emission from and , respectively .  ⁇ n the aia 94 and 131 channels observe emission from and , respectively .  ⁇ n the aia 94 and 131 channels observe emission from and , respectively .  ⁇ n the aia 94 and 131 channels observe emission from
b' we evaluate the two - loop structure of non - supersymmetric counterterms in the minimal supersymmetric standard model .  ⁇ n we show that the structure of the counterterms is generated by multiplicative renormalization .  ⁇ 
b' we present chandra observations of the x - ray jets of m87 .  ⁇ n we find strong variability in the core and hst-1 .  ⁇ n we use the flux doubling time to derive an upper limit to the source size and the decay time to constrain the timescale for inverse compton losses , and in turn , @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we use the flux doubling time to derive an upper limit to the source size and the decay time to constrain the timescale for e@xmath1 losses .  ⁇ n we use the flux doubling time to derive an upper limit to the source size and the decay time to constrain the timescale for e@xmath1 losses . '
b' in this paper , we introduce a new framework that enables image systems engineers to rapidly design and optimize image processing pipelines for novel camera architectures .  ⁇ n the framework consists of a set of software tools that use simulation and learning methods to design and optimize image processing pipelines for these new camera systems .  ⁇ n we refer to this framework as @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we demonstrate that @xmath0 method accurately approximates the complex , nonlinear pipelines implemented in modern consumer photography systems .  ⁇ n we also demonstrate how @xmath0 method can learn image processing pipelines for new camera architectures . '
b' the process of production of comparatively  ⁇  cold ' multi - hadron states is considered .  ⁇ n the corresponding entropy is acceded in the domain ( ) .  ⁇ n the corresponding entropy is a function of the multiplicity of produced particles .  ⁇ n the corresponding entropy is a function of the total incident energy .  ⁇ n the corresponding entropy is a function of the multiplicity of produced particles .  ⁇ n the corresponding entropy is a function of the multiplicity of produced particles .  ⁇ n the corresponding entropy is a function of the multiplicity of produced particles .  ⁇ n the corresponding entropy is a function of the multiplicity of produced particles .  ⁇ n the corresponding entropy is a function of the multiplicity of produced particles .  ⁇ n the corresponding entropy is a function of the multiplicity of produced particles .  ⁇ n the corresponding entropy is a function of the multiplicity of produced particles
b' in this paper , we present a new capital regime for insurance companies based on the euclidean solvency capital requirement .  ⁇ n it is based on the requirement that all quantifiable risks to which an insurance or reinsurance undertaking is exposed are taken into account .  ⁇ n it is based on the value - at - risk of the basic own funds of an insurance or reinsurance undertaking subject to a confidence level of 99,5 % over a one - year period .  ⁇ n the new capital regime is based on the value - at - risk of the basic own funds of an insurance or reinsurance undertaking subject to a confidence level of 99,5 % over a one - year period .  ⁇ n the new capital regime is based on the requirement that all quantifiable risks to which an insurance or reinsurance undertaking is exposed are taken into account .  ⁇ n it shall cover existing business as well as the new business expected to be written over the following 12 months .  ⁇ n it shall cover only unexpected losses .  ⁇ 
b' we present a deep emission - line imaging study of the early - type spiral galaxy ngc 1482 .  ⁇ 
b' we study the time - dependent transport through a quantum dot with a bridge channel between a source and a drain driven out of equilibrium by means of a dc voltage bias and additional time - dependent external fields .  ⁇ n the evolution operator technique is used to calculate the corresponding matrix elements of the evolution operator .  ⁇ n the corresponding expressions for the charge and the current flowing through the system can be described in terms of the corresponding matrix elements of the evolution operator .  ⁇ 
b' we present a generalization of loop quantum gravity to a hilbert space .  ⁇ 
b' we present a family of diagnostic line ratios that provide good estimates of temperature ( spectral type ) and surface gravity ( luminosity ) for supergiant , giant and dwarf cool stars , built on the ratio of equivalent widths .  ⁇ n these ratios have been calibrated on the available high - resolution spectrographs in this wavelength interval , both observational and synthetic ones .  ⁇ n the relations presented here are based entirely on observational material , mainly referring to mkk standards ( thus bright , solar neighborhood standards ) .  ⁇ n the relations presented here are based on observational material , mainly referring to mkk standards ( thus bright , solar neighborhood standards ) .  ⁇ n the relations presented here are based on observational material , mainly referring to mkk standards ( thus bright , solar neighborhood standards ) .  ⁇ n the relations presented here are based on observational material , mainly referring to mkk standards ( thus bright , solar neighborhood standards ) .  ⁇ n the relations presented here are built on observation
b' we investigate fractional quantum hall effect ( fqhe ) in graphene with the full su(4 ) symmetry .  ⁇ n we show that the fqhe occurs at fractional filling factors @xmath0 , where @xmath1 is the filling factor within the landau level .  ⁇ 
b' we have investigated the magnetic properties of @xmath0 transition metal monolayers deposited on the bcc(001 ) tungsten surface .  ⁇ n the local moments of the @xmath0 metal overlayers are estimated within the local density approximation .  ⁇ n the exchange - correlation potential of vosko , wilk and nusair is used .  ⁇ n the electronic structure of the @xmath0 metal overlayers is calculated in the framework of the surface green function formalism .  ⁇ n the local moments of the @xmath0 metal overlayers are estimated by means of the spin - polarized calculations .  ⁇ n the atomic moments of the @xmath0 metal overlayers are found to be asymmetric with respect to the surface .  ⁇ n the atomic moments of the @xmath0 metal overlayers are found to be asymmetric with respect to the surface .  ⁇ n the atomic moments of the @xmath0 metal overlayers are found to be asymmetric with respect to the surface .  ⁇ 
b' we present a theory for the behavior of elementary excitations of a trapped bose - einstein condensate .  ⁇ n the theory is based on the bogolyubov quasiparticle approach and is applied to the case of a spatially homogeneous condensate .  ⁇ 
b' we present a search for a signal from dark matter annihilations or decays in the galactic halo .  ⁇ n we use the large area telescope ( lat ) onboard the fermi satellite to search for a signal in the galactic plane .  ⁇ 
b' we study the phenomenology of the simplest model of twin higgs ( th ) , where the top and gauge partners are complete singlets under the standard model ( sm ) , and the sensitivity to ultraviolet ( uv ) scales is softened thanks to a discrete @xmath0 symmetry .  ⁇ n we consider the case of a uv completion at a relatively low scale @xmath1 tev , where the sm and twin gauge symmetries are discrete .  ⁇ n we show that the lhc can probe the parameter space of the fraternal th model , and that the sensitivity to the sm parameters is limited by the presence of new exotic fermions , which are kaluza - klein excitations of bulk fields whose zero modes are removed through boundary conditions or orbifold projections .  ⁇ n we also show that the sensitivity to the sm parameters is enhanced by a factor of @xmath2 , and that the sensitivity to the s
b' i propose a new measure of a machine s kolmogorov complexity , which is a natural measure of the sensitivity of a machine to external stimuli .  ⁇ n the measure is based on algorithmic information theory , with kolmogorov complexity as the central measure .  ⁇ 
b' we present a comparison of the density matrix renormalization group ( dmrg ) and the numerical renormalization group ( nrg ) .  ⁇ n we show that dmrg is a very accurate method for calculating ground state properties of one - dimensional models .  ⁇ n we also show that dmrg can be used to calculate spectral functions of quantum impurity models .  ⁇ n we show that dmrg can be used to calculate spectral functions of the single impurity anderson model .  ⁇ n we also show that dmrg can be used to calculate spectral functions for multi - impurity systems .  ⁇ n we also show that dmrg can be used to calculate spectral functions for multi - impurity systems . '
b' we report on the discovery of wts-1b , the first planet discovered from the wfcam transit survey .  ⁇ 
b' we study the effect of interactions on the longitudinal conductivity of the haldane - hubbard model .  ⁇ n we show that the transverse conductivity is a function of the interaction strength , and that the haldane - hubbard model is a topological insulator .  ⁇ 
b' we study the kinetic phase space of dark matter ( dm ) nucleus scattering in the sun and earth .  ⁇ n we show that the kinetic phase space of dm nucleus scattering is significantly modified by the kinetic energy requirement .  ⁇ n the kinetic phase space of dm nucleus scattering is significantly reduced if the mass splitting @xmath0 is close to the kinetic energy of a dm halo .  ⁇ n the kinetic phase space of dm nucleus scattering is significantly reduced if @xmath1 is close to the kinetic energy of a dm halo .  ⁇ n the kinetic phase space of dm nucleus scattering is also significantly reduced if @xmath2 is close to the kinetic energy of a dm halo .  ⁇ n the kinetic phase space of dm nucleus scattering is also significantly reduced if @xmath3 is close to the kinetic energy of a dm halo .  ⁇ n the kinetic phase
b' the gravitational microlensing technique is discussed .  ⁇ n it is shown that , in the case of the planet , the lensing technique is very sensitive to the presence of the planet .  ⁇ n the method is also shown to be more sensitive to the detection of planets around low mass stars .  ⁇ n the method is illustrated in the case of the pulsar psr1257 + 12 .  ⁇ n the method is also shown to be very useful for the search for earth - like planets around normal stars . '
b' we present a new measurement of the angular clustering of radio sources in the 1.4 ghz nvss .  ⁇ n we use a sample of 151 sources with a median redshift of @xmath0 , and a median redshift of @xmath1 .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed study of the pre - flare photospheric magnetic field evolution of the x1.8 flare from the noaa active region ( ar 11283 ) .  ⁇ n the x2.1 flare occurred on 2011 september 7 , and was characterized by fast filament eruptions and coronal mass ejections ( cmes ) .  ⁇ n the photospheric magnetic field ( @xmath0 ) and the inclination angle ( @xmath1 the angle between the vector magnetic field and the local radial direction ) were found to decrease gradually during the period of apparent sunspot rotation .  ⁇ n the inclination angle and the horizontal field strength ( @xmath0 ) were found to decrease gradually during the period of apparent sunspot rotation .  ⁇ n the inclination angle and the horizontal field strength ( @xmath0 ) were found to decrease gradually during the period of apparent sunspot rotation .  ⁇ n the inclination angle and the horizontal field strength ( @xmath0 ) were found to decrease gradually during the period of apparent suns
b' the physics of the forest , as measured in high-@xmath0 qso spectra , is reasonably simple .  ⁇ n the neutral hydrogen density closely traces the total matter density on the scales relevant to the forest ( @xmath1mpc ) .  ⁇ n since pressure forces are sub - dominant , the neutral hydrogen density closely traces the total matter density on the scale relevant to the forest .  ⁇ n since pressure forces are sub - dominant , the neutral hydrogen closely traces the total matter density on the scales relevant to the forest .  ⁇ n since the neutral hydrogen closely traces the total matter density on the scale relevant to the forest , the neutral hydrogen closely traces the total matter density on the scale relevant to the forest .  ⁇ n since the neutral hydrogen density closely traces the total matter density on the scale relevant to the forest , the neutral hydrogen closely traces the total matter density on the scale relevant to the forest .  ⁇ n since pressure forces are sub - dominant , the neutral hydrogen density closely traces the total matter density on the scale relevant to the forest . 
"b"" we explore a geometrical modification of the friedman robertson walker ( frw ) paradigm at large scales , _  ⁇ n i.e. _ , a modified expansion law for the comoving observers which also depends on their distances .  ⁇ n this approach is suggested by the  ⁇  extreme ' equivalence principle ( eep ) , which postulates that there is a vacuum state for test fields on which the energy momentum expectation value is the same as in flat space .  ⁇ n we show that eep can be enforced by a modified dispersion relation that in real space translates into a modified expansion law for the comoving observers .  ⁇ n we show that eep can be enforced by a modified dispersion relation , that in real space translates into a modified expansion law for the comoving observers .  ⁇ n we also show that eep can be enforced by a modified dispersion relation , that in real space translates into a modified expansion law for the co
b' we present a new approach to investigate the nature of blue compact dwarf ( bcd ) galaxies .  ⁇ n we have found a sample of bcd galaxies with a low surface brightness component , which is a precursor of the bcd phase .  ⁇ n we have found that the bcd host galaxy is a normal dwarf galaxy , with a mean metallicity of @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the bcd host is a normal dwarf galaxy , with a mean metallicity of @xmath1 .  ⁇ n the bcd host is a normal dwarf galaxy , with a mean metallicity of @xmath2 .  ⁇ n the bcd host is a normal dwarf galaxy , with a mean metallicity of @xmath3 .  ⁇ n the bcd host is a normal dwarf galaxy , with a mean metallicity of @xmath4 .  ⁇ n the bcd host is a normal dwarf galaxy , with a mean metallicity
b' we present a detailed analysis of the x - ray properties of the high - mass x - ray binaries ( hmxbs ) , based on a sample of hmxbs with known x - ray counterparts .  ⁇ 
b' we study the possibility of ultra - high energy neutrinos to initiate air showers .  ⁇ n we show that , in models with a large number of degrees of freedom , the mean free path for neutrino - nucleon cross sections at these energies is on the order of kilometers to hundreds of kilometers in air .  ⁇ n this would be a useful signature , deriving from zenith angle variations with shower energy .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed analysis of the x - ray emission from the rich cluster abell 1689 .  ⁇ n the x - ray emission is dominated by a hot , optically thin plasma , with a temperature of @xmath0 kev .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the possibility of synchrotron emission from relativistic reconnection in the presence of a guide field .  ⁇ n we show that if the guide field is a harris - like field , the particle acceleration is primarily perpendicular to the reversing field .  ⁇ 
b' extensive air showers ( eas ) are cascades initiated by primary cosmic rays in the atmosphere .  ⁇ n the main task is to reconstruct from the shower observables the parameters of the initial cosmic ray .  ⁇ n this is a particular challenge for interpreting air shower data .  ⁇ n the main body of this paper deals with illustrating , supported by eas simulations , some characteristics of these shower components and the information they contain about the primary particle .  ⁇ n this might serve as introduction to the subject of extensive air showers and help to better understand what air shower experiments are measuring , which information they try to infer from the data , and where limitations are given .  ⁇ n this might serve as a tool to better understand what air shower experiments are measuring , which information they try to infer from the data , and where limitations are given . '
b' the gammev chameleon afterglow search ( chase ) reported the detection of an afterglow signal ( the  ⁇  orange glow '' ) in their apparatus after shone a high - power pulsed laser into the bore of a cryogenic vacuum chamber immersed in a magnetic field .  ⁇ n the afterglow signal was observed , with a peak - to - peak flux ratio of @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the absolute magnitude of the afterglow was @xmath1 .  ⁇ n the absolute magnitude of the afterglow was @xmath2 .  ⁇ n the absolute magnitude of the afterglow was @xmath3 .  ⁇ n the absolute magnitude of the afterglow was @xmath4 .  ⁇ n the absolute magnitude of the afterglow was @xmath5 .  ⁇ n the absolute magnitude of the afterglow was @xmath6 .  ⁇ n the absolute magnitude of the afterglow was @xmath7 .  ⁇ n the absolute magnitude of the afterglow was @xmath8
"b' we present a self - consistent , radially resolved model for the formation of galaxies , in which the equilibrium relations are local "" and functions of ( planar ) distance from the disk centres , and assuming that the gas dynamics is set by the mass - continuity equation and global angular momentum conservation .  ⁇ n we study in detail how systems that follow these simple assumptions evolve , reach a ( quasi-)steady state , accumulate stellar mass , and analyse dynamically their surface density and toomre-@xmath0 profiles .  ⁇ n we show that many of our numerical results can be derived analytically , by solving simplified cases of the full ( partial differential ) equations , for a cosmologically evolving system .  ⁇ n we show that many of our numerical results can be derived analytically , by solving simplified cases of the full ( partial differential ) equations , for a cosmologically evolving system .  ⁇ n we present a parameter study , and show that the model can be used to study the evolution of the surface density and toomre
b' we study the resonance asymptotics of non - compact quantum graphs .  ⁇ n we show that the set of resolvent resonances is equal to the union of the set of scattering resonances and the set of the eigenvalues supported only on the internal part of the graph .  ⁇ n we also give the examples of non - weyl graphs . '
b' we investigate the strong deflection of light in a static and spherically symmetric spacetime .  ⁇ n we derive the generalized lens equation for the light deflection in the weak - field approximation .  ⁇ n we show that the finite - distance corrections to the deflection angle of light are negligible in the strong deflection limit .  ⁇ 
b' we report on the generation of time - frequency entangled narrow - band biphotons with a high optical depth by a laser - driven atomic - gas system .  ⁇ 
b' we discuss the mathematical aspects of the problems originating in the solution of nonlinear systems of hyperbolic partial differential equations .  ⁇ n we discuss several analytical and numerical solutions in the mentioned fields which illustrate the complexity of the selection problem and outline the methods of its solution .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of monte carlo simulations of a coarse - grained lattice model for linear polymer chains in dilute solutions .  ⁇ n the model is based on the bond fluctuation model ( bfm ) , and the standard simple cubic lattice model ( sclm ) is used for the simulations .  ⁇ n the bfm is used to simulate the polymer chain in the bulk and in the confinement .  ⁇ n the bfm is used to simulate the polymer chain in the bulk and in the confinement .  ⁇ n the bfm is used to simulate the polymer chain in the bulk and in the confinement .  ⁇ n the bfm is used to simulate the polymer chain in the bulk and in the confinement .  ⁇ n the bfm is used to simulate the polymer chain in the bulk and in the confinement .  ⁇ n the bfm is used to simulate the polymer chain in the bulk and in the confinement .  ⁇ n the bf
b' we study the scattering fidelity of a microwave billiard perturbed by a small scatterer .  ⁇ n we show that the fidelity decay is governed by the spectral universal parametric correlations .  ⁇ 
b' we study a nonlinear @xmath0-symmetric coupled oscillator dimer , whose linear analog is effectively the one used in the experimental investigation of @xcite .  ⁇ n we provide a detailed numerical and even considerable analytical insights on the phenomenology of such a nonlinear @xmath0-symmetric dimer .  ⁇ n in particular , we focus on symmetric and anti - symmetric branches of the system , which arise from the linear limit of the problem .  ⁇ n we observe that symmetry - breaking type bifurcations can arise for both the symmetric and anti - symmetric branches and eventually highlight a nonlinear analog of @xmath0-symmetric dimers . '
b' we study the viscous fingering instability of a radial hele - shaw cell , in which a non - newtonian fluid is displaced from the center of the cell .  ⁇ n the fluid is assumed to be non - newtonian , and the pressure field is assumed to be laplacian .  ⁇ n we show that the fingering dynamics is governed by a darcy s law , and that the pressure field remains laplacian .  ⁇ n we also show that the fingering dynamics is governed by a saffman - taylor instability , characterized by a dendritic finger and side branching .  ⁇ 
b' we use high - resolution cosmological hydrodynamic simulations to study the formation of primordial stars in halos with t@xmath0 k. we find that the lyman - werner ( lw ) background , which is capable of photodissociating molecular hydrogen , is not sufficient to delay the formation of population iii stars .  ⁇ n we also find that the lw background does not affect the formation of the protostellar cloud at the core of each collapsing halo .  ⁇ n we find that the lw background does not affect the formation of the protostellar cloud , and that the protostellar cloud at the core of each collapsing halo is not affected by the lw background .  ⁇ n we also find that the lw background does not affect the formation of the protostellar cloud , and that the protostellar cloud at the core of each collapsing halo is not affected by the lw background .  ⁇ n we also find that the protostellar
b' we consider a model of a market where the price of a claim is given by a partial integro - differential equation .  ⁇ 
b' we generalize the original holographic dark energy model by treating the parameter @xmath0 as a free function of redshift .  ⁇ n we find that the holographic dark energy density @xmath1 is close to the observational value , and the equation of state ( eos ) of the model is consistent with the observational data .  ⁇ n we also find that the eos of the model is consistent with the observational data .  ⁇ 
b' the atacama cosmology telescope ( act ) is a six - meter diameter , six - meter diameter , polarimeter , located at an elevation of 5,190 meters on cerro toco in northern chile .  ⁇ n the advact instrument consists of four multichroic , polarization - sensitive tes bolometer detector arrays .  ⁇ n each array is sensitive to two frequency bands : 150 and 230 ghz in a high frequency ( hf ) array , 90 and 150 ghz in two middle frequency ( mf ) arrays , and 28 and 41 ghz in a low frequency ( lf ) array .  ⁇ n the advact focal plane consists of a four - piece detector stack coupled to a wideband spline - profiled feedhorn array .  ⁇ n the advact focal plane consists of a four - piece detector stack coupled to a wideband spline - profiled feedhorn
b' in this paper we study the cosmological evolution of the universe in the framework of generalized chaplygin gas ( gcg ) .  ⁇ n we consider a generalized chaplygin gas with a modified equation of state .  ⁇ n we find that the gcg is a viable cosmological model .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the radio - loud narrow - line seyfert 1 galaxies ( rlnls1s ) , based on archival data .  ⁇ n we found that the spectral index of the sources is @xmath0 , which is consistent with the flat - spectrum radio spectrum .  ⁇ 
b' we present a comprehensive overview of the physical examples of multi - mode and/or multi - frequency solitary waves that occur for the pulse or beam propagation in nonlinear optical fibers and waveguides .  ⁇ n we select three different cases : multi - wavelength solitary waves in bit - parallel - wavelength optical fiber links , multi - colour spatial solitons due to multistep cascading in optical waveguides with quadratic nonlinearities , and quasiperiodic solitons in the fibonacci superlattices .  ⁇ n we believe these examples display both the diversity and richness of the multi - mode soliton systems , and they will allow further progress to be made in the study of nonlinear waves in multi - component nonintegrable physical models . '
b' we prove that the neumann laplacian on the geodesic triangle @xmath0 in the hyperbolic plane has no nonconstant ( square - integrable ) eigenfunction .  ⁇ n the group of hyperbolic isometries generated by reflections in the geodesic arcs that bound @xmath0 is discrete if and only if @xmath6 for @xmath7 an integer .  ⁇ n we also prove that the generic hyperbolic triangle with one cusp has no nonconstant neumann eigenvalue . '
b' we study the effect of geometrical alignment on the conductance of a self - assembled mono - layer ( sam ) .  ⁇ n we use a semi - empiric method to calculate the conductance of a sam , being build of 1,4-phenylene diisocyanide ( pdi ) and sandwiched between gold leads .  ⁇ n the results for three qualitatively different geometrical constitutions of the mono - layer are compared with experimental data .  ⁇ n we conclude that the only geometrical alignment , which gives rise to several peaks in the conductance curve , is a mono - layer with additional molecules perturbing the periodicity .  ⁇ n we conclude that the only geometrical alignment , which gives rise to several peaks in the conductance curve , is a mono - layer with additional molecules perturbing the periodicity . '
b' we present near - infrared polarization observations of the serpens south cluster .  ⁇ n the polarization of background starlight is a powerful tool to characterize the global magnetic field structure of cluster - forming clumps .  ⁇ n we have made sirpol observations of the serpens south cluster , and have found that the polarization of background starlight is dominated by the polarization of background starlight .  ⁇ n the polarization of background starlight is dominated by the polarization of background starlight .  ⁇ n the polarization of background starlight is dominated by the polarization of background starlight .  ⁇ n the polarization of background starlight is dominated by the polarization of background starlight .  ⁇ n the polarization of background starlight is dominated by the polarization of background starlight .  ⁇ n the polarization of background starlight is dominated by the polarization of background starlight .  ⁇ n the polarization of background starlight is dominated by the polarization of background starlight .
b' we study the structure of steady shocks in a multiphase ism , using a momentum - loading formalism .  ⁇ n we find that the structure of the shocks is asymmetric , and that the amplitude of the momentum - transfer term is asymmetric .  ⁇ 
b' we present recent results for the qcd phase diagram at zero and finite chemical potential within the framework of dyson - schwinger equations .  ⁇ n we compare with lattice results for the quark condensate and the unquenched gluon propagator and discuss our results for the critical end point for @xmath0 and @x
b' we study the kaluza - klein ( kk ) modes of bulk scalar fields in a six - dimensional doubly warped spacetime .  ⁇ n we show that the kk decomposition of the scalar kk modes in this spacetime gives rise to a large number of kk modes with effective couplings in the inverse tev range .  ⁇ n we also discuss possible numerical values for various parameters in our theory and have used them to get possible numerical values of low - lying kk mode masses in our multiply warped model .  ⁇ n our results also establish a general formula for determining these kk masses and couplings in the presence of any arbitrary number of extra dimensions . '
b' gdel s completeness theorem states that for every proposition @xmath0 , _ either@xmath1or@xmath2 and @xmath2 defeats @xmath1 _ , where @xmath1 ranges over the set of proofs , @xmath2 over the class of models .  ⁇ n girard s _ ludics _ is a variant of game semantics , which has prominent features .  ⁇ n it is a variant of game semantics , which has the following prominent features : ( 1 ) proofs are always finite , while models can be of arbitrary cardinality .  ⁇ n ( 2 ) girard s _ ludics _ is a variant of game semantics , which has the following prominent features : ( 1 ) proofs are not distinguished by their ontological status , but by their structural properties .  ⁇ n ( 3 ) girard s _ ludics _ is a variant of game
b' we present a theoretical analysis of the period - luminosity ( pl ) and period - color ( pc ) relations of a sample of ogle-2 cepheids in the large magellanic cloud .  ⁇ n we use a grid of stellar evolution models , pulsation calculations and stellar evolution models , which includes the effects of convection , overshooting , opacity , and time - dependent convection .  ⁇ n we find that the pl relationship is a function of metallicity , with a significant metallicity dependence on metals .  ⁇ n the pc relation is a function of metallicity , with a metallicity dependence on the opacity .  ⁇ n the pc relation is a function of metallicity , with a metallicity dependence on the opacity .  ⁇ n the pc relation is a function of metallicity , with a metallicity dependence on the opacity .  ⁇ n the pc relation is a function of metallicity ,
b' we study the transport properties of a model of interacting self - driven particles , namely , ( a ) vehicular traffic , ( b ) ant - traffic on ant - trails , and ( c ) intra - cellular traffic of molecular motors carrying vesicular cargo moving along cytoskeletal filaments .  ⁇ n the main results of recent works on these systems are summarized , elucidating the nature of various types of quenched randomness , ( b ) to present the challenging open problems , and ( c ) to indicate the possible trends of future developments in this frontier area of interdisciplinary research . '
b' we consider the potts model on the continuum .  ⁇ n the _ a priori _ distribution of the set of occupied positions is poisson process with intensity @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we prove that , for each @xmath0 of different types , there is only one gibbs measure whenever @xmath0 is large enough .  ⁇ n this is a generalization of the results of pirogov - sinai theory .  ⁇ n we also prove that the transition is of first order when @xmath0 is large enough . '
b' we present a synthetic horizontal branch model of the globular cluster ngc6791 .  ⁇ 
b' we consider the effects of non - linear functions @xmath0 of the ricci scalar on the formation of structure .  ⁇ n we consider the constraints on @xmath0 models from the cmb angular power spectrum measured by wmap , the linear matter power spectrum inferred from the sloan digital sky survey luminous red galaxy ( lrg ) sample , the distance measures by the supernovae legacy survey ( snls ) , and the cross - correlation between the cmb and large scale structure measured by wmap and a range
b' we analyze the stationary probability distribution of fast diffusion in symmetric smooth monostable potentials , describing the dynamics of an overdamped anharmonic oscillator driven by lvy noise .  ⁇ n we find that for lvy flights in steep potential well , with steepness greater or equal to four , the variance of the particle coordinate is finite .  ⁇ n this gives rise to a confined superdiffusive motion , characterized by a bimodal stationary probability density .  ⁇ n we analyze the properties of the stationary probability distribution as a function of the lvy index .  ⁇ n we find that the stationary probability density is more pronounced for steep potential well , with steepness greater or equal to four .  ⁇ n however , in the limit of steep potential well , the stationary probability density becomes boltzmann .  ⁇ n we also analyze the spectral characteristics of the stationary motion . '
b' we study the local polaron model beyond linear coupling .  ⁇ n we show that the model can be extended to include a quadratic coupling term .  ⁇ 
b' we consider a stochastic susceptible - infectious - susceptible stochastic model , in which the population is represented as a contact network .  ⁇ n we show how this model can be used to prove a property known as  ⁇  duality ' .  ⁇ 
b' the relation between charge equilibration and zero sound propagation is presented .  ⁇ n it leads to a rather universal recognition of zero sound propagation in femto - scale quantum liquids , which can not necessarily be reduced to the giant dipole resonance .  ⁇ n the results of the theoretical calculations are compared with the experimental data .  ⁇ n the results of the theoretical calculations are compared with the experimental data .  ⁇ n the relation between charge equilibration and zero sound propagation is discussed . '
b' we calculate the anomalous hall effect in a model of a ferromagnetic semiconductor with spin - orbit interaction .  ⁇ n we show that there exists a non - geometric contribution to the anomalous hall effect , which is not geometric .  ⁇ n it is of the same order of magnitude as the berry - phase - induced one , which has been calculated before .  ⁇ n we also show that the non - geometric contribution is intrinsic , and it does not vanish if we finally take the limit of the density - of - impurity limit . '
b' we study the magnetic properties of a uniform antiferromagnetic heisenberg chain with a weaker or stronger bond than the bulk bonds .  ⁇ n we consider a uniform chain with a weaker or stronger bond as an impurity bond .  ⁇ n we find that the impurity effectively separates the system and the right domain and the left domain behave almost independently at modestly low temperatures .  ⁇ n we investigate the magnetic properties by calculating the magnetization profile , the spin correlation function , the local susceptibility and the local field susceptibility .  ⁇ n we also study bond - impurity effects in the bond - alternating chain , where impurity means a defect of the alternating order .  ⁇ n we find that the force acting between the impurity bonds is attractive .  ⁇ n we also study the bond - alternating chain , where impurity means a defect of the alternating order . '
b' we study the entropy of the spacelike stretched black hole in the topologically massive gravity .  ⁇ n we show that the entropy of the spacelike stretched black hole is proportional to the area of the horizon .  ⁇ n we also show that the entropy of the spacelike stretched black hole is proportional to the area of the horizon .  ⁇ n we also show that the entropy of the spacelike stretched black hole is proportional to the area of the horizon .  ⁇ n we also show that the area law of the spacelike stretched black hole is not affected by the higher curvature terms . '
b' we study the allen - cahn / cahn - hilliard model with elasticity in @
b' we have investigated the wavevector dependence of structural instabilities in srtio@xmath0 , obtained from first - principles calculations .  ⁇ 
b' we study the radio - to - x - ray emission from the southern hotspot of the fanaroff - riley radiogalaxies 4c74.26 .  ⁇ n we determine that the compact radio emission traces out the location of the shock where the magnetic field @xmath0 is amplified by plasma instabilities up to @xmath2100 @xmath6 g , and it damps rapidly downstream of the shock .  ⁇ n the turnover in the synchrotron spectrum between infrared ( ir ) and optical wavelengths implies that the cr electron scattering length is much longer than the larmor radius and consistent with the amplified magnetic field being structured on very small scales and comparable with the ion skin - depth @xmath7 .  ⁇ n cosmic ray acceleration is therefore very slow and electrons are accelerated to only @xmath8 tev .  ⁇ n a similarly low acceleration rate for ions would limit their energy to @xmath1 tev and preclude proton acceleration to e
b' we study the effect of vertical diffusion and radial advection on the chemical evolution of a protoplanetary disk .  ⁇ n we show that the vertical diffusion and radial advection are not only important for the gas - phase co , but also for the co - o , na , and s - c - o .  ⁇ n we find that the vertical diffusion and radial advection are not important for the co - o , na , and s - c - o .  ⁇ n the radial advection is more important for the co - o , na , and s - c - o .  ⁇ n the radial advection is more important for the co - o , na , and s - c - o .  ⁇ n the radial advection is more important for the co - o , na , and 
b' we study a family of fluid particle models of two - dimensional lattice liquid , and construct two stochastic models of lattice liquid .  ⁇ n one of them is found to be the vicious random walk in its densest phase and a version of the dynamic lattice liquid model ( dll model ) in two dimensions .  ⁇ n the dynamics of these models is given by completely independent time steps and would not generate various fluid dynamical phenomena such as lasting convective flows .  ⁇ n the other model is constructed as the flow model with a mathematical rule , which has no corresponding known models .  ⁇ n we further restrict ourselves to a finite flat honey - comb lattice and simulate the two models with their highest mobility . comparing with similar lattice models such as various lattice random walks or the loop gas model ( sos model ) , we show some statistical properties of the models by the simulation results .  ⁇ n the results tell that the flow model may exhibit some anomalous diffusion , in terms
b' we present the results of the magic observations of the perseus cluster , a head - tail radio galaxy located at @xmath0 1mpc from the cluster s central galaxy , ngc 1275 .  ⁇ 
b' the self - modulation instability is used to generate a modulated bunch of electrons interacting with its own wakefield .  ⁇ n the modulated bunch can be obtained either by pre - modulation or by the self - modulation instability at its final stage .  ⁇ n the analysis is performed in the quasi - static approximation assuming a linear plasma response generated by a hard - cut bunch .  ⁇ n the results are compared with the experimental data obtained by the awake project at cern . '
b' the electronic and structural properties of tin dioxide in the presence of oxygen vacancies are studied from first - principles .  ⁇ n accurate band structure calculations have been performed within an all - electron approach , which employs the hybrid b3lyp exchange - correlation functional .  ⁇ n electron affinities have been studied with pseudopotential plane - wave calculations .  ⁇ n the role of the oxygen vacancies on the surface properties of sno@xmath0 is discussed .  ⁇ n in particular , several defect sites which are both at surface and in subsurface positions , are considered .  ⁇ n electron affinity variations driven by defects are studied .  ⁇ n the role of oxygen vacancies on the surface properties of sno@xmath0 is also discussed . '
b' we present two - dimensional simulations of the gas flow in the inner galaxy .  ⁇ n we assume that the potential rotates with a constant pattern speed , such that the corotation radius falls between the molecular ring and the 3-kpc - arm .  ⁇ n we find that the gas flow is dominated by a triaxial bulge and a elliptical disk .  ⁇ 
b' we study the dynamics of a free surface covered by insoluble surfactants .  ⁇ n we show that the governing equations for the dynamics of the free surface are inconsistent with the linear solutal marangoni effect .  ⁇ 
b' we discuss the electromagnetic interaction between charged particles produced in a nucleus - nucleus collision and the nuclear remnant that does not participate directly in the reaction .  ⁇ n this latter effect provides independent information on the space - time evolution of the reaction : the space - time evolution of the particle production process , the fragmentation ( break - up ) of the spectator system , and the interplay between the two .  ⁇ n we define the possible future contribution of nica , and we discuss the subject of competition from other experiments . '
b' we present a rigorous derivation of a general theorem for the motion of charged particles in an electromagnetic field which has at least one ignorable spatial coordinate .  ⁇ n this theorem is applied to hybrid and full plasma simulations of collisionless shocks .  ⁇ 
b' the complex sine - gordon model in the presence of a boundary is studied .  ⁇ n the theory is a generalisation of the sine - gordon theory , which describes integrable perturbations of the sine - gordon theory .  ⁇ 
b' we present a brief recognition study of the mcp stars .  ⁇ n we show that the variable part of a light curve ( lcs ) of an mcp star can be expressed as a linear combination of two orthogonal phase functions .  ⁇ n we also show that the lcs of a mcp star can be described by a unique phase function .  ⁇ 
b' we report the insulating behavior of the @xmath0 crystal with metallic behavior immersed in distilled water .  ⁇ n the charge compensation by the intercalation of the oxonium ions leads to the change in co valence from + 3.59 to + 3.50 .  ⁇ n it suggests that co valence of + 3.50 is necessary for the charge ordering , and the @xmath4 and @xmath3 ions arrange orderly . '
b' we propose a supersymmetric su(2)@xmath0 gauge theory with confinement .  ⁇ n the su(2)@xmath0 gauge coupling is strong at a certain scale , and the low energy effective theory is described in terms of the extended higgs sector or the low energy effective theory of the susy su(2)@xmath0 model .  ⁇ 
b' we report the results of keck - ii echellette spectrograph and imager long - slit spectrographic observation of the system sb
b' we present proper motions and membership probabilities for the young open clusters ngc 2244 and ngc 6530 .  ⁇ n we use photographic plates with longer time baselines than published previously , in order to determine proper motions and membership probabilities for the clusters .  ⁇ 
b' we show that the sheaf of scalar - valued functions does not give sufficient information to define the morphisms of banach analytic spaces .  ⁇ n this is a consequence of the thesis of douady , who showed that the sheaf of scalar - valued functions does not give sufficient information to define the morphisms .  ⁇ n we also show that the sheaf of scalar - valued functions does not give sufficient information to define the morphisms . '
b' we construct a simplicial complex of phylogenetic trees from local gluings of simplices .  ⁇ 
b' the hyperfine structure of @xmath0 states in @xmath1sr and of transition isotope shifts of the stable isotopes @xmath2sr were measured with high resolution compared to previous results .  ⁇ n the hyperfine structure was calculated by means of multichannel quantum defect theory in first and second order perturbation theory .  ⁇ n the hyperfine constants @xmath3 and @xmath3 were found to be very large , which is responsible for large deviations from the linear dependence in a king plot analysis .  ⁇ n the shift of the hyperfine multiplet is responsible for large deviations from the linear dependence in a king plot analysis . '
b' the signaling process of a cell is a complex network of interacting proteins , which receive information from different environmental sources .  ⁇ n the network is characterized by a number of pathways , which are interconnected , and thus can be used to perform information - processing tasks .  ⁇ n we study the effect of noise on the dynamics of the signaling network , focusing on the case of a stochastic resonance , a process through which an information - carrying signal ( periodic or non - periodic ) is amplified by an optimal amount of noise acting on the system ( internally or externally ) .  ⁇ 
b' we review the formation of disk galaxies in a cosmological constant - dominated cosmology .  ⁇ n we focus on the formation of disks , and discuss the implications of the results for the rotation curves of galaxies .  ⁇ n we also discuss the implications of the cosmological constant - dominated model for the formation of disks . '
b' we present the main results of the gaia mission , a project of the european space agency .  ⁇ 
b' we study the superconducting pairing in hole - doped cuprate high - temperature superconductors .  ⁇ 
b' we report on the experimental investigation of photoelectron circular dichroism ( pecd ) in fenchone .  ⁇ n the photoelectron angular distributions were measured by means of resonance - enhanced multi - photon ionization ( rempi ) .  ⁇ n the photoelectron angular distributions were measured by a femtosecond laser pulse .  ⁇ 
"b"" we show that the spectral symmetries of the compactified graphene sheet can be used to partition the set of carbon nanotori into distinct equivalence classes .  ⁇ n these symmetries are a consequence of the compactification process , and are a consequence of the geometry of the compactified graphene sheet .  ⁇ n we show that these symmetries can be used to partition the set of carbon nanotori into distinct equivalence classes as far as their spectral properties are concerned .  ⁇ n we show that these symmetries allow us to partition the set of carbon nanotori into distinct equivalence classes as compared with the number of _ physically distinct _ nanotori .  ⁇ n moreover , as we shall demonstrate , these symmetries allow us to partition the set of carbon nanotori into distinct equivalence classes as compared with the number of _ spectrally distinct _ nanotori .  ⁇ n we also show that many of the standard rules of thumb advanced in the literature in order
b' we present a fully calibrated spectrum of the k5 giant hr 6348 , which was obtained with the infrared spectrograph ( irs ) on the _ spitzer space telescope _ , over the course of the irs mission .  ⁇ 
b' we present a review of the main design parameters commonly used in evaluating the performance of optical designs at both microwave and visible wavelengths .  ⁇ n we find a simple relationship between the aperture efficiency and the strehl ratio .  ⁇ n we also show the results of several tests performed to check the validity of this relationship .  ⁇ 
b' we report the detection and characterization of giant pulses ( gps ) from the crab nebula pulsar ( b0531 + 21 ) at 2084 mhz with the long wavelength array station 1 ( lwa1 ) radio telescope .  ⁇ n the lwa1 s nyquist - rate acquisition of beam outputs covering its entire tuning range of 10 - 88 mhz simultaneously allows the detection of crab gps at a rate of several per hour .  ⁇ n the large instantaneous bandwidth also facilitates improved methods for the recognition and mitigation of the effects of radio frequency interference ( rfi ) .  ⁇ n the results of the study include statistics of pulse amplitude and pulse broadening .  ⁇ n the characterization of the pulses shows that the gps are characterized by a gaussian distribution with a peak amplitude of @
b' the lhcb experiment records millions of proton collision events every second .  ⁇ n most of them are not needed for further analysis .  ⁇ n this  ⁇  stripping '' process takes place after the full reconstruction of the events , and produces a dozen  ⁇  streams '' of the analysis dataset .  ⁇ n event index is a central component of the analysis .  ⁇ 
b' the hydration kinetics of cement pastes is interpreted in terms of a global reaction rate law .  ⁇ n the hydration kinetics of cement pastes is characterized by a global reaction rate constant @xmath0 , where @x
b' we propose a microscopic model of proton transport in anhydrous proton conductors , such as polymeric systems or solid acids .  ⁇ n the model is based on the kinetic monte carlo method .  ⁇ n the proton transport is realized by the two - stage mechanism , i.e. , the formation of hydrogen bonds and the formation of a hydrogen - bond network .  ⁇ n the proton transport is governed by the grotthuss mechanism , which is realized by the reorganization of the tetrahedra and the tunneling of protons in hydrogen bonds .  ⁇ n the proton transport is governed by the polaronic effect .  ⁇ n the proton transport is governed by the grotthuss mechanism , which is realized by the reorganization of the tetrahedra and the tunneling of protons in hydrogen bonds .  ⁇ n the proton transport is governed by the polaronic effect .  ⁇ n the proton transport is governed by the grotthuss mechanism , which is
b' we analyze the cgro - comptel spectrum of cyg x-1 , which shows a strong anticorrelation between the hard and soft x - ray components .  ⁇ 
b' we study the possible magnetic field decay of neutron stars ( nss ) using the observed statistics of their periods and period derivatives .  ⁇ n we find that the magnetic field decay of nss is dominated by the recovery from previous glitch events .  ⁇ n however , in some cases the nss recover to the spin rate prior to the glitch event and thus the glitch event can be removed from the data satisfactorily without causing significant residuals over model predictions .  ⁇ 
b' we report on a superconductor - insulator - superconductor ( sis ) junction contacted to a full superconducting nbtin embedding circuit .  ⁇ n the junction is fabricated with high quality and a high - q tuning circuit .  ⁇ 
b' the method of calculating stationary states in open quantum systems is proposed .  ⁇ n the block operator matrices approach is adapted to achieve this goal .  ⁇ n the riccati operator equation is used to solve the eigenproblem for the total hamiltonian .  ⁇ n it is shown how to derive the stationary states by using the solution of the equation . '
b' we report on the spectroscopic measurement of the exchange coupling between two superconducting qubits in a transmission line cavity .  ⁇ n the coupling is measured as a function of detuning from a single or multiple resonator modes .  ⁇ n the symmetry properties of the coupled system are analyzed .  ⁇ n the formation of a dark state at avoided level crossing and the observation of a two - photon transition from the ground to the doubly excited state are described . '
b' we study the ground - state properties of the deformed relativistic mean field ( rmf ) model in the harmonic - oscillator basis .  ⁇ n the deformation effects are treated in the bcs framework using a zero - range @xmath0 force .  ⁇ n the deformation effects are taken into account by the bcs expansion method .  ⁇ 
b' we study the resurgent properties of a borel - resummable divergent series expansion .  ⁇ n we show that the resurgent structure of the borel transform can be described through general tools from resurgent theory .  ⁇ n this allows hyperasymptotic expansions .  ⁇ n we apply this method to the calculation of the zeros of the airy function @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we show that the riemann sheet structure of the borel transform is analogous to that of a solution of a nonlinear differential equation , a riccati equation .  ⁇ n we also show that the hyperasymptotics can be used to compute the borel sum of the airy function . '
b' we present _ spitzer _ near - infrared and mid - infrared photometry of the @xmath0 velorum cluster .  ⁇ 
b' we study open book decompositions of 3manifolds .  ⁇ n we show that there exist planar open book decompositions which support the standard tight contact structure on @xmath0 , other than the @xmath1 , that can not be destabilized down to the trivial open book .  ⁇ n we also show that there are non - destabilizable examples of genus 2 or 1 . '
b' we present a detailed study of the total excitation energy ( tke ) and total kinetic energy ( txe ) of the fission fragments of the technologically important reaction @xmath0u(n , f ) .  ⁇ n we find that the tke decreases with increasing excitation energy for the neutron energy interval e@xmath1 = 1 - 9 mev .  ⁇ 
b' knowledge - based approaches to modeling context have suffered from a serious lexical acquisition bottleneck .  ⁇ n this paper presents a new approach to modeling context as a set of features , say words , that are observed to co - occur with , and thereby predict , a word .  ⁇ 
b' we present a preliminary analysis of a _ chandra _ observation of cyg x-1 .  ⁇ 
b' we present a quantum - continuous model of the electrified solid - liquid interface of ruthenia ( ruo@xmath0 ) .  ⁇ n the model is based on a quantum - mechanical description of the electrode covered by adsorbed species with a continuum representation of the surrounding electrolyte .  ⁇ 
b' the composite quasar spectral energy distribution ( sed ) shows a significant steepening around 1100 , leading to a far - uv powerlaw of index @xmath0 ( @
b' we study the equilateral triangle billiards by making extensive numerical investigations .  ⁇ n we show that the number of nodal domains of the eigenfunctions of the schrdinger equation is a very sensitive quantity .  ⁇ 
"b"" we present a new model for the origin of the  ⁇  secondary '' lobes of x - shaped radio galaxies ( xrgs ) .  ⁇ n the model is based on a simple , axisymmetric , and axisymmetric jet - driven model , and a simple , axisymmetric model .  ⁇ n the model is based on a  ⁇  reverse '' jet - driven model , with a  ⁇  reverse '' jet - driven model .  ⁇ n the model is based on a  ⁇  reverse '' jet - driven model , with a  ⁇  reverse '' jet - driven model .  ⁇ n the model is based on a  ⁇  reverse '' jet - driven model , with a  ⁇  reverse '' jet - driven model .  ⁇ n the model is based on a  ⁇  reverse '' jet - driven model , with a  ⁇  reverse '' jet - driven model .  ⁇ n the
b' we study the cdf @xmath0 signal from technicolor , namely @xmath1 , where @xmath2 is a techni - pion and @xmath3 is a techni - rho .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new all - atom molecular dynamics ( md ) simulation of the ompf porin .  ⁇ n the md simulations are performed in the framework of the poisson - nernst - planck ( pnp ) equations .  ⁇ n the ion diffusion coefficient , @xmath0 , is obtained by integrating the pnp equations with the poisson - nernst - planck equations .  ⁇ n the ion diffusion coefficients are obtained by averaging over the whole system , i.e. the ion density profile .  ⁇ 
b' a stochastic series expansion ( sse ) algorithm for transverse ising models with long - range interactions is introduced .  ⁇ n the computation time scales with the system size n as @xmath0 times the spatial integral of the absolute value of the interaction , which normally converges as @xmath1 , or diverges only as @xmath2 .  ⁇ n both local and cluster updates are developed for the transverse ising model with arbitrary interactions .  ⁇ n the cluster update is a generalization of the classical swendsen - wang cluster method to the transverse ising model , and shares some features with a scheme previously used within the continuous - time algorithm .  ⁇ n the integration of these features in the sse formalism should open new opportunities for detailed numerical studies of a wide range of important models .  ⁇ n results for the model with @xmath3 interactions are presented . '
b' we investigate the dynamics of vortex walls traveling and interacting with triangular asymmetric notches on permalloy nanowires .  ⁇ n the main idea is varying the notch symmetry by changing the outgoing angle @
b' we present the results of high - resolution cosmological simulations of clusters and galaxies .  ⁇ n we show that the standard model of adiabatic contraction ( ac ) predicts an overall mass enhancement within a larger fraction of the virial radius , @xmath0 , than in the cluster runs .  ⁇ n the difference in the enclosed mass increases substantially with decreasing radius , @xmath1 , and is due to the condensation of baryons .  ⁇ n the standard model of ac predicts the overall mass enhancement but systematically overestimates its magnitude in the inner regions .  ⁇ n the differences in the dark matter density and temperature are due to the different gas densities , temperatures , and cooling times .  ⁇ n the differences in the dark matter density and temperature are due to the different mix of gas and stars .  ⁇ n the differences in the dark matter density and temperature are due to the different cooling times , and the different cooling times .  ⁇ n the differences in the dark matter density and temperature are due to the different cooling times .  ⁇ 
b' the mass spectra and radiative decay rates of @xmath0 mesons are calculated with the comprehensive account of relativistic effects .  ⁇ n the results are compared with experimental data .  ⁇ n the results are compared with the predictions of the standard model .  ⁇ n the results are compared with the experimental data .  ⁇ n the results are compared with the predictions of the standard model .  ⁇ n the results are compared with the experimental data .  ⁇ 
b' we derive the number of dimensions in standard superstring theory .  ⁇ 
b' in this paper , we consider a scenario where content is stored in the mobile devices , which arrive and depart from a cell according to a poisson random process .  ⁇ n we derive analytical expressions for the download delay and show that mds - encoded distributed storage can significantly reduce the delay with respect to the case where content is solely downloaded from the base stations .  ⁇ n we also show that mds - encoded distributed storage can significantly reduce the delay with respect to the case where content is solely downloaded from the base stations . '
b' we study the effect of the presence of a dark matter halo on the shape of the dark matter halo of a barred galaxy .  ⁇ n we find that the halo is distorted and has a bar structure , which is fatter and shorter than the disc bar .  ⁇ 
b' we present a quantum / classical hybrid scheme for quantum simulation .  ⁇ 
b' the cern axion solar telescope ( cast ) is a solar axion helioscope , designed to detect solar axions or to improve the existing limits on their coupling to photons .  ⁇ n the cast experiment is based on a superconducting dipole magnet , which is mounted on a rotating platform and produces a magnetic field of 9 t inside two parallel pipes .  ⁇ n the axion helioscope is mounted on a rotating platform and its vertical movement allows the accurate observation of the sun for about 3h during sunrise and sunset while the rest of the day is devoted to taking background data .  ⁇ n the cast experiment has been divided in two phases in order to scan the axion phase space ( coupling to photons vs axion mass ) : during phase i the magnet pipes were kept in vaccum while in phase ii they were filled with buffer gas ( he ) to look for heavier axions .  ⁇ n the micromegas technology ( micro - mesh - gaseous structure ) was developed in
b' we report on a h.e.s.s .  ⁇ n observation of the be / x - ray pulsar psr b1259@xmath063 , which is the second unidentified tev source in the galactic plane .  ⁇ 
b' we present a complete angular expression for the semileptonic decay @xmath0 , where @xmath1 is a charged massless lepton and @
b' we study the power of entanglement in the multi - prover interactive proof system model .  ⁇ n we show that if the provers initially share entanglement , the entanglement of the provers can be used to reduce the number of qubits of communication required to solve a general communication problem .  ⁇ n we also show that if the provers initially share entanglement , the entanglement of the provers can be used to reduce the number of qubits required to solve a general communication problem .  ⁇ n we also show that if the provers initially share entanglement , the entanglement of the provers can be used to reduce the number of qubits required to solve a general communication problem . '
b' we present a detailed analysis of the x - ray spectra of accreting neutron stars and black holes in binary systems .  ⁇ n we find that the spectra of these systems have at least two components : a hard component , which is thought to originate from optically thick gas in the accretion disk , and a coronal component of hotter , tenuous gas .  ⁇ 
b' we present a technique to detect long - period , transiting planets using _ kepler _ photometry and radial velocity observations .  ⁇ n we show that planets with periods longer than the mission lifetime will likely be detected and can be characterized using the _ kepler _ photometry and precise radial velocity observations .  ⁇ n furthermore , this technique can be applied to planets that will transit more than once during the _ kepler _ mission , so that targeted increases in the time - sampling rate can be made at the times of subsequent transits .  ⁇ n we also show that , for planets with periods longer than the mission lifetime , targeted increases in the time - sampling rate can be made at the times of subsequent transits .  ⁇ n we also show that , for planets with periods longer than the mission lifetime , targeted increases in the time - sampling rate can be made at the times of subsequent transits .  ⁇ n furthermore , this technique can be applied to planets that will transit more than once during the _
b' we study the s - wave and p - wave holographic insulator / superconductor phase transitions in ads soliton background at zero temperature .  ⁇ n we take advantage of horowitz and hubeny s method to study the quasinormal modes of the scalar ( vector ) perturbations .  ⁇ n we find that the s - wave perturbation is stable against the marginally stable mode .  ⁇ n this means that at the critical chemical potential , the ads soliton background becomes unstable and will prefer to be an ads soliton background coupled with nonzero charged scalar ( vector ) fields .  ⁇ n this argument is consistent with the previous studies on holographic insulator / superconductor phase transitions .  ⁇ n in particular , the critical chemical potentials obtained from the marginally stable modes are in good agreement with the ones in @xcite .  ⁇ n pacs numbers : 11.30.rd , 11.30.rd , 11.30.rd '
b' the coupled dynamics of magnetizations in ferromagnets in the presence of the spin hall effect is investigated numerically for both longitudinal and transverse geometries .  ⁇ n the current contributing to the spin hall magnetoresistance also excites the spin torque .  ⁇ n the strength of this additional torque is estimated from the theory of the spin hall magnetoresistance extended to the system consisting of several ferromagnets .  ⁇ n the conventional spin torque is proportional to the spin hall angle , whereas the new torque is on the order of the spin hall angle , and therefore , its value is two orders of magnitude smaller than the conventional spin torque .  ⁇ n however , it is found that this additional torque affects the phase difference of the magnetization in the self - oscillation state .  ⁇ n the numerical simulation reveals that the in - phase or antiphase synchronization is observed in the transverse geometry .  ⁇ n the numerical simulation reveals that the in - phase or antiphase synchronization is observed in the transverse geometry . '
b' we study the dynamics of a thin - shell wormhole in @
b' we construct a theory of strongly correlated electrons interacting with collective bosonic modes .  ⁇ n the theory is based on the dynamical mean field theory ( dmft ) .  ⁇ 
b' we present a global , long - term , mhd simulation of a accretion disk .  ⁇ 
b' cross - correlation techniques are a powerful tool to measure doppler shifts in multiple systems .  ⁇ n the use of broadening functions has been used to extract the orbital parameters of the components .  ⁇ n this paper presents the current status of the cross - correlation technique , focusing on the application to detached , hotter stars .  ⁇ n the emphasis is put on practical issues , with the aim to guide potential users of these techniques to obtain in the most efficient way appropriate observation sets and to constrain the transfer of systematic errors to the output quantities .  ⁇ n the risk of introducing spurious patterns in the intrinsic component spectra is discussed . '
b' we study the asymptotic geometry of a stationary and isotropic random tessellation in a compact and convex window @
b' we present a search for millisecond pulsars ( msps ) in the galactic halo .  ⁇ n we have used the _ chandra x - ray observatory _ to search for counterparts to the unidentified sources at low and mid - galactic latitudes .  ⁇ n we find that the msps are likely to be pulsars of some variety .  ⁇ 
b' we study the combinatorial properties of response matrices for circular planar electrical networks .  ⁇ n we give a novel axiomatization of electrical positroids , motivated by the grassmann - plcker relations .  ⁇ n we also describe sets of circular minors of response matrices whose positivity implies the positivity of all circular minors .  ⁇ n we also describe positivity tests for response matrices . '
b' we present a detailed analysis of the degree - scale temperature anisotropies in the cosmic microwave background ( cmb ) .  ⁇ n we find that the wilkinson microwave anisotropy probe ( wmap ) data exhibit a dip in the first peak around @xmath0 , which is a notable exception to the dip found in the first year wmap data .  ⁇ 
b' we show how to construct a unified model of matter and gauge theory arising from a local geometry .  ⁇ 
b' we present a direct numerical simulation of fully developed turbulent channel flow ( tcf ) with local uniform blowing and suction .  ⁇ n the control is applied on the entire area of the wall of the tbl .  ⁇ n the control is performed by applying uniform blowing and suction on the entire area of the wall .  ⁇ 
b' we study the phase diagram of the two - dimensional hard - core bose - hubbard model with a doping away from half - filling .  ⁇ n we show that the phase diagram of the model is characterized by a pronounced onset of charge ordered ( co ) state with a screened coulomb repulsion .  ⁇ n the phase diagram of the model is characterized by a pronounced onset of a supersolid phase with a pronounced off - diagonal long - range order .  ⁇ n the onset of the co+bs phase separation is characterized by a pronounced renormalization of the coulomb repulsion .  ⁇ n the renormalization of the coulomb repulsion is characterized by a pronounced renormalization of the coulomb repulsion .  ⁇ n the renormalization of the coulomb repulsion is characterized by a pronounced renormalization of the coulomb repulsion .  ⁇ n the renormalization of the coulomb repulsion
b' we introduce a new form of regret based pruning ( rbp ) that reduces the space requirements of counterfactual regret minimization ( cfr ) .  ⁇ 
b' the ground - state ( gs ) of a two - dimensional system of heisenberg spins occupying the sites of a square lattice is investigated by monte carlo simulations .  ⁇ n the short - range exchange interaction , the long - range dipolar interaction and the perpendicular anisotropy are taken into account .  ⁇ n the gs is determined by the inverse of the exchange integral @xmath0 , where @xmath1 is the dipolar coupling parameter , @xmath2 is the single - site dipolar interaction , and @
b' we study the conductance through a single @xmath0 or @xmath1 transition metal atom attached to noble metal or transition metal leads .  ⁇ n our approach is based on the screened korringa - kohn - rostoker green s function method supplemented with the baranger and stone formulation of the conductance problem .  ⁇ n the eigenchannel decomposition of the conductance is analyzed .  ⁇ 
b' we present a calculation of the force distribution of center of mass ( com ) in a normal human gait .  ⁇ n we show that the kinetic regularities of com are related to the time of initial foot contact ( tifc ) .  ⁇ n we also show that the tifc is a function of the com s velocity .  ⁇ 
b' we study the electronic transport properties of a quantum wire connected to fermi liquid leads .  ⁇ n we show that the non - uniformity of the interaction potential throughout the wire leads to a finite resistivity at non - zero temperatures .  ⁇ n we also show that the inhomogeneity of the interaction potential breaks the translational invariance of the system , allowing for two - particle scattering processes that conserve energy but not momentum .  ⁇ n we compare our results with previous works relying on the inhomogeneous luttinger liquid formalism .  ⁇ n finally , we discuss the relation of our results to recent experiments probing the transport properties of inhomogeneous quantum wires . '
b' we present a review of the status of the theory of the quark - gluon plasma .  ⁇ 
b' we introduce a framework consisting of two directional measures ( spike - order and spike train order ) that allows to define a synfire indicator which quantifies the consistency of the leader - follower relationships .  ⁇ n this synfire indicator attains its maximal value of @xmath0 for a perfect synfire pattern in which all neurons fire repeatedly in a consistent order from leader to follower .  ⁇ n the same framework also allows to sort multiple spike trains from leader to follower .  ⁇ n this is meant purely in the sense of temporal sequence .  ⁇ n the same framework also allows to sort multiple spike trains from leader to follower .  ⁇ 
b' we study the @xmath0 exchange in the correlated two pion exchange @xmath1 potential , based on the chiral unitary approach .  ⁇ n we show that the @xmath0 exchange is not a genuine resonance , but just the manifestation of a pion - pion resonance state created by the interaction of the pions .  ⁇ n this is a dynamically generated resonance .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the scattering dynamics of a non - relativistic quantum particle from a periodic time - varying complex potential well .  ⁇ 
b' we study the effect of dark energy ( de ) on the neutrino mass spectrum .  ⁇ n we find that the de component of the universe is a mixture of normal and inverted hierarchies , and the de component is a mixture of normal and inverted hierarchies .  ⁇ n we find that the de component of the universe is a mixture of normal and inverted hierarchies , and the de component is a mixture of normal and inverted hierarchies .  ⁇ n the de component of the universe is a mixture of normal and inverted hierarchies , and the de component is a mixture of normal and inverted hierarchies .  ⁇ n the de component is a mixture of normal and inverted hierarchies .  ⁇ n the de component is a mixture of normal and inverted hierarchies .  ⁇ n the de component is a mixture of normal and inverted hierarchies .  ⁇ n the de component is a mixture of normal and inverted hierarchies .  ⁇ n the de component is a mixture of normal and inverted hierarchies .  ⁇ 
b' we study the behavior of different physical quantities at the resonances generated by the maximum of the potential of a semiclassical schrdinger operator .  ⁇ n in particular , we show quantitatively to what extent the presence of these resonances drives the behavior
b' this paper focuses on the transceiver design for massive mimo full - duplex relaying ( mm - fdr ) with hardware impairments .  ⁇ n the effect of hardware impairments is modeled using transmit / receive distortion noises .  ⁇ n the proposed transceiver design is based on the _  ⁇ n _  ⁇ n _  ⁇ n _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
b' we present a numerical study of the stability of solutions of the relativistic hydrodynamical riemann problem with non - zero tangent velocities .  ⁇ n we concentrate on solutions with two shock waves , two rarefaction waves or a shock and a rarefaction wave respectively .  ⁇ n we show that the stability of the solution depends on the choice of the notion of stability .  ⁇ n we also discuss the stability of solutions with ultrarelativistic and perfect gas equations of state . '
b' we provide a statistical mechanical theory of time independent , nondissipative nonequilibrium systems .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a stochastic competition model for interacting populations .  ⁇ n the model is a modification of a deterministic lotka - volterra type model .  ⁇ n we introduce a genotype , which determines the individual s adaptation to the environment , as well as its interaction with the other species .  ⁇ n we present the results of computer simulations of the model , and discuss their implications to coexistence in real ecosystems . '
b' in this paper , we propose a new design of compact array of high frequency surface - wave radar ( hfswr ) .  ⁇ n the design of the compact array is based on the optimization of the optimum pattern synthesis method .  ⁇ 
b' a new solution to the spherically symmetric einstein - maxwell system of equations is presented .  ⁇ n the solution is matched to the exterior vacuum reissner - nordstrm solution .  ⁇ n it is shown that some of these solutions have parameter values that lead to physically realistic properties .  ⁇ n pacs numbers : 04.20.dw , 04.20.dw , 04.20.dw '
b' we study the gravitational wave contribution to the cosmic microwave background ( cmb ) anisotropy in a new class of cosmological models where a significant fraction of the energy density of the universe takes the form of a cosmic scalar field ( @xmath0 ) with an equation - of - state different from that of matter , radiation or cosmological constant .  ⁇ n we compute the background evolution , the cmb power spectrum and the mass spectrum for a variety of cosmological models .  ⁇ n we find that models of this type result in a significantly better fit to the cmb temperature power spectrum , the mass power spectrum , early structure formation , and distant supernovae and gravitational wave spectra than the standard cold dark matter ( scdm ) model .  ⁇ n we also find that models of this type result in a significantly better fit to the cmb temperature power spectrum , the mass power spectrum , early structure formation , and distant supernovae and gravitational wave spectra than scdm .  ⁇ n we also find
b' the kinematical distributions of the anti - proton pair production in the framework of pythia event generator are simulated .  ⁇ n the corresponding quark - parton distributions are derived and compared with the predictions of the perturbative qcd approach .  ⁇ n the results are compared with the predictions of the pqcd model and with the predictions of the non - perturbative approaches .  ⁇ n the results of the simulations are compared with the predictions of the pqcd model and the pqcd model .  ⁇ n the results of the simulations are compared with the predictions of the pqcd model and the pqcd model .  ⁇ n pacs numbers : 13.75.hw , 13.75.hw , 13.75.hw '
b' the physics of hadrons began about one century ago , when the pions produced many resonances .  ⁇ n the exchange of meson resonances , and the formation of nucleon resonances in the intermediate states are crucial for our understanding of the nuclear forces beyond the single - pion exchange proposed by yukawa .  ⁇ n however , neither the nuclear democracy nor the bootstrap succeeded in providing an overall picture , in contrast to the regularity patterns of the rest of the spectrum .  ⁇ n the attention was focused on hadrons with properties that look unusual , in contrast to the regularity patterns of the rest of the spectrum .  ⁇ n the attention was focused on hadrons with properties that look unusual , in contrast to the regularity patterns of the rest of the spectrum .  ⁇ n the attention was focused on hadrons with properties that look unusual , in contrast to the regularity patterns of the rest of the spectrum .  ⁇ n the main motivation for the study of hadrons is to understand the underlying mechanisms that generate hadrons .  ⁇ 
b' i present a linear analysis of the pulsational properties of a nova outburst , assuming a static envelope .  ⁇ n the non - adiabatic reversible approximation ( nar ) is used to describe the eigenmodes .  ⁇ 
b' the rave survey is a magnitude - limited survey of stars randomly selected in the southern celestial hemisphere .  ⁇ n the survey has been completed in 2006 , 2008 , 2011 and 2013 .  ⁇ 
b' i discuss the evolution of curvature fluctuations in open - universe models .  ⁇ n the evolution equation for potential fluctuations in an open universe is modified .  ⁇ n the evolution equation for potential fluctuations in an open universe is modified .  ⁇ n the evolution equation for potential fluctuations in an open universe is modified .  ⁇ n the evolution equation for potential fluctuations in an open universe is modified .  ⁇ n the evolution equation for potential fluctuations in an open universe is modified .  ⁇ n the evolution equation for potential fluctuations in an open universe is modified .  ⁇ n the evolution equation for potential fluctuations in an open universe is modified .  ⁇ n the evolution equation for potential fluctuations in an open universe is modified .  ⁇ n the evolution equation for potential fluctuations in an open universe is modified .  ⁇ n the evolution equation for potential fluctuations in an open universe is modified .  ⁇ n the evolution equation for potential fluctuations in an open universe is modified .  ⁇ n the evolution equation for potential fluctuations in an open universe is modified .  ⁇ n the evolution equation for potential fluctuations in an open universe is modified .  ⁇ n the evolution equation for potential fluctuations in an open
b' we present a study of the broad line region ( blr ) in 10 type 1 agns based on the _ xmm - newton _ and _ chandra _ observations .  ⁇ 
b' the random phase approximation ( rpa ) for electron correlation is widely used in the context of density functional theory ( dft ) calculations .  ⁇ n the rpa correlation energy is usually evaluated using the eigenvalues and eigenfunctions from a kohn - sham calculation with conventional exchange - correlation functionals .  ⁇ n however , the rpa - correlation energy has been empirically observed to converge regularly enough to allow the development of various accurate extrapolation schemes .  ⁇ n we present a set of benchmark cbs rpa absolute correlation energies to be used as reference for future assessments .  ⁇ n we validate some extrapolation schemes , usually applied in the context of coupled cluster theory , for the calculation of cbs rpa absolute energies , including semiempirical techniques to approach the extrapolation from relatively small basis sets .  ⁇ n we test the convergence behavior of different basis sets and the reliability of the extrapolations schemes for atomization energies , which exploit a significant error cancellation
b' we present a test of the gravitational instability paradigm based on the 2dfgrs .  ⁇ n we construct a volume limited sample of @xmath0 galaxies , focusing on the clustering of @xmath1 galaxies .  ⁇ n the 2dfgrs is used to measure the correlation functions of the galaxy distribution , focusing on the clustering of @xmath1 galaxies .  ⁇ 
b' we present theoretical calculations for the transport properties of diluted magnetic semiconductors ( dms ) .  ⁇ n we use a recently developed non - perturbative method , the dynamical mean - field theory ( dmft ) , to calculate the resistivity of dms .  ⁇ n our dmft results show interesting dependence of resistivity on carrier - spin coupling , carrier density , doping of the magnetic material , and temperature revealing key features of the underlying physics .  ⁇ n our results show many similarities to colossal magnetoresistance manganites where carrier - spin coupling is also crucial for ferromagnetic properties .  ⁇ 
b' we study the dynamical formation of @xmath0-dimensional dynamical black holes , including gravitational collapses and back - reactions , using the semi - classical effects of hawking radiation .  ⁇ n we solved time - dependent einstein and field equations using the double - null formalism .  ⁇ n we found that the black hole solution is a btz black hole .  ⁇ 
b' we study the global structure and transition of different patterns of shock reflection - diffraction by a wedge .  ⁇ n we show that the global structure of the reflection - diffraction configurations is quite different from the mach reflection , and that the transition criteria between different patterns are quite different .  ⁇ 
b' we study the phenomenology of bilinear r - parity violation ( brpv ) models , in which the only r - parity violating terms are the mixings between the lepton doublets and up - type higgs doublets in the superpotential .  ⁇ n we show that r - parity violation can be a powerful tool for studying possible signatures of brpv .  ⁇ n we also show that r - parity violation can be a powerful tool for studying possible signatures of brpv .  ⁇ n we also show that r - parity violation can be a powerful tool for studying possible signatures of brpv .  ⁇ n we also discuss the possibility of a gravitino lsp as a dark matter candidate in such models .  ⁇ 
b' we study the impact of critical mass on the opinion formation in majority rule model .  ⁇ n we consider a population of agents on a square lattice with periodic boundary conditions .  ⁇ n each agent holds one of the two opinions .  ⁇ n at each iteration , an agent is selected at random and with it a surrounding local - influence group of agents .  ⁇ n the focal agent and its surrounding is then updated .  ⁇ n the majority rule is based on a local majority rule .  ⁇ n we find that the level of cooperation is highest at an intermediate value of the critical mass , which is robust to variations of the group size and the interaction network topology .  ⁇ n we also find that the level of cooperation is highest at an intermediate value of the critical mass , which is robust to variations of the group size and the interaction network topology . '
b' the time dependent non - equilibrium radiation diffusion problem is solved analytically for a finite size slab and spherical shell .  ⁇ n the analytical solution is derived for both planar and spherical geometry .  ⁇ n the results for the radiation and material energy densities , integrated densities , leakage currents , integrated quantities , etc .  ⁇ n are plotted and physically explained .  ⁇ n the results are compared with the results obtained by the numerical finite difference method . '
b' we define neuronal units involved in making perceptual decisions .  ⁇ n we define decision making ( dm ) units in surrogate networks , defined mathematically , in which a complete control is present over stimuli , mechanisms , and responses .  ⁇ n we show that dm units can be identified in a way consistent with our preceeding analyses .  ⁇ n we also show that dm units can be identified in recurrent networks , when electric stimulation can be applied to units . '
b' the _ alpha magnetic spectrometer _ ( ams ) is a particle detector that will be installed on the international space station in 2005 to measure cosmic ray fluxes for at least three years .  ⁇ n the ams-02 version of the test detector ( ams-01 ) , consisting of a permanent nd - fe - b magnet , six silicon tracker planes , a scintillator counters anticoincidence system , the time of flight ( tof ) system consisting in four layers of scintillator counters and a threshold aerogel erenkov detector , will be installed aboard the international space station for a 3 years mission .  ⁇ n the new version of ams-02 , named ams-02 , will be installed aboard the iss for a 3 years mission .  ⁇ n the new version of ams-02 will be able to distinguish between negative and positive charged particles ( hence between cosmic ray matter and antimatter ) at the @xmath0 level .  ⁇ 
b' we present a phenomenological model for kaon photoproduction .  ⁇ n the model is based on the chiral effective lagrangian , which is a generalization of the chiral lagrangian .  ⁇ n the model is based on the chiral lagrangian , which is a generalization of the chiral lagrangian .  ⁇ n the model is based on the chiral lagrangian , which is a generalization of the chiral lagrangian .  ⁇ n the model is based on the chiral lagrangian , which is a generalization of the chiral lagrangian .  ⁇ n the model is based on the chiral lagrangian , which is a generalization of the chiral lagrangian .  ⁇ n the model is based on the chiral lagrangian , which is a generalization of the chiral lagrangian .  ⁇ n the model is based on the chiral lagrangian , which is a generalization of the chir
b' we present a monte carlo study of the fully frustrated xy model on a honeycomb lattice .  ⁇ n the model is described by the fully frustrated xy model with irrational frustration parameter @xmath0 .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a study of the star - formation rate ( sfr ) of a sample of 151 starburst galaxies with h@xmath0 , h@xmath1 , and h@xmath2 .  ⁇ 
b' we analyze play - by - play data for four seasons of all national basketball association ( nba ) games .  ⁇ n we show that a simple random - walk model successfully reproduces many features of the observed scoring patterns .  ⁇ n we also show that the statistical properties of scoring bursts and scoring droughts are consistent with a continuous - time poisson process .  ⁇ n we also show that the evolution of the score difference between two competing teams can be accounted for by a continuous - time random - walk .  ⁇ n this idealized picture of random scoring has to be augmented by two features one that may be ubiquitous and one idiosyncratic to basketball .  ⁇ n the former is the existence of a weak linear restoring force , in which the leading team scores at a slightly lower rate ( conversely , the losing team scores at a slightly higher rate ) .  ⁇ n the second feature , idiosyncratic to basketball , is _ anti - persistence _ , in which a score by one team is more likely to
b' we perform the first systematic study of the ground - state three - quark potential @xmath0 and the excited - state three - quark potential @xmath1 using su(3 ) lattice qcd .  ⁇ n the ground - state potential @xmath0 is found to be well described by the coulomb plus y - type linear potential , i.e. , y - ansatz .  ⁇ n the gluonic excitation energy , @xmath2 , is found to be about 1gev , which is consistent with the string tension .  ⁇ n the large gluonic - excitation energy is conjectured to originate from the large string tension as a result of strong color confinement .  ⁇ n the large gluonic - excitation energy would be responsible to the absence of the gluonic mode and the success of the quark model for low - lying hadrons . '
b' we formulate the difference map ( dm ) in the fourier domain with two oversampled coded diffraction patterns , but without any object domain constraint .  ⁇ 
b' we show that a universal gate set can be constructed using a discrete time quantum walk on an exponentially large graph .  ⁇ 
b' we consider a regression model for an outcome variable and predictors , with pairwise interactions between predictors .  ⁇ 
b' we present the co line observations of the host galaxy of the type - ia supernova ( sn )1997ey .  ⁇ 
b' we study the g@xmath0 yang mills theory in the framework of the center - vortex confinement scenario .  ⁇ n we show that the g@xmath0 theory is not temporarily confining , since potentials for static color charges from any representation , including the fundamental one , must be asymptotically flat .  ⁇ 
b' we present a mathematical framework for concurrent computing machines , based on a mathematical representation of time .  ⁇ 
b' we present a method to detect departures from voigt profiles in ly@xmath0 forest spectra .  ⁇ n we apply this method to simulated ly@xmath0 forest spectra , and show that the profiles seen in hydrodynamic simulations are statistically non - voigt .  ⁇ 
b' we study morphological transformations of pbte / cdte multilayer heterostuctures under the influence of thermal annealing .  ⁇ n we show that a morphological transformation of a nominally layered structure into a quasi - one - dimensional structure is a result of spinodal decomposition .  ⁇ n we show that the morphological transformations of a nominally layered structure can be regarded as an analog of the spinodal decomposition process .  ⁇ n we show that the morphological transformations of a nominally layered structure can be regarded as an analog of the spinodal decomposition process .  ⁇ n we also show that the morphological transformations of a nominally layered structure can be regarded as an analog of the spinodal decomposition process .  ⁇ n we show that the morphological transformations of a nominally layered structure can be regarded as an analog of the spinodal decomposition process .  ⁇ n we also show that the 
b' we present a new method to generate a dark optical ring potential ( orp ) by means of the phenomenon of conical refraction ( cr ) .  ⁇ n cr leads to a set of two concentric bright rings enclosing a dark ring of null intensity , known as poggendorff dark ring ( pdr ) .  ⁇ n we theoretically investigate the three - dimensional field distribution around the cr pdr and show both theoretically and experimentally that it is a toroidal dark focus .  ⁇ n we also discuss the use of the pdr as a blue - detuned orp for ultra - cold atoms and demonstrate this with a @xmath0rb bec . '
b' young neutron stars ( nss ) are characterized by energetic winds that result in the slow spin - down of the central pulsars and generate nebulae of synchrotron - emitting particles spiraling in a wound - up magnetic field .  ⁇ n their large - scale structures reveal details of the magnetic field and signatures of interaction with the ejecta from the explosions that gave them birth .  ⁇ n the interiors of such stars are characterized by conditions and physical processes otherwise only within the nuclei of atoms .  ⁇ n however , details of the strong interaction at ultrahigh densities remain poorly understood owing to our incomplete understanding of the strong interaction at ultrahigh densities .  ⁇ n the most striking thing about nss is the fact that we can actually make measurements that , directly or indirectly , probe the above properties .  ⁇ n particularly with the advent of sensitive high - resolution x - ray observations , we can now image jets and outflows from the wind termination shocks , identify magnetic filaments in the n
b' we present a new presentation of multipersistence homology modules .  ⁇ n we show how the modules of cycles and boundaries are isomorphic to submodules of a finitely generated free module .  ⁇ n we also present an algorithm for computing grbner bases in the general case . '
b' the collective motion of two trapped @xmath0ba@xmath1 ions is investigated under the action of laser cooling .  ⁇ n the cooling rate and the achievable temperature are calculable without any free parameter .  ⁇ n if the particles obey the lamb - dicke limit , the cooling rate and the achievable temperature are calculable without any free parameter .  ⁇ n the cooling rate and the achievable temperature are calculable without any free parameter .  ⁇ n the results of the numerical simulations are compared with the experimental data .  ⁇ n the results of the numerical simulations are compared with the experimental data .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a coarse - grained approach to understand the origin of the onset of ultra - slow dynamics in glassy systems .  ⁇ n we use a specific coarse - graining procedure to investigate whether a link can be made between molecular dynamics simulations and kinetically constrained models of glassiness .  ⁇ 
b' a new method for obtaining off - source observations of gamma - ray sources with imaging atmospheric cherenkov telescopes is presented .  ⁇ 
b' we study the linear hydrodynamic stability of a system of spherical particles placed between two large parallel plates .  ⁇ n the system is described by a system of first order differential equations , which are solved numerically .  ⁇ 
b' this paper reviews the status of atomistic modelling of martensitic phase transitions , and discusses the unresolved issues in linking various methods of modelling solid - solid phase transitions .  ⁇ n in addition to discussing phase transitions in niti and zr , following the spirit of the meeting , i attempt to review and highlight what is not widely known or properly appreciated .  ⁇ 
b' we present a time - dependent density functional theory ( tddft ) calculation of the electronic excitations generated during the adsorption of hydrogen atoms on a metal surface .  ⁇ n the tddft calculation is based on a time - dependent , mean - field newns - anderson model .  ⁇ n the tddft calculation is based on a spin - constrained , adiabatic approximation .  ⁇ n the tddft calculation is based on a truncated , adiabatic approximation .  ⁇ n the tddft calculation is based on a truncated , adiabatic approximation .  ⁇ n the tddft calculation is based on a tddft - based tddft calculation .  ⁇ n the tddft calculation is based on a tddft - based td
b' we present a study of the smc - lmc bridge , a region of the magellanic system , based on a sample of 74 star clusters and associations .  ⁇ 
b' the axiomatic qualities of quantum theory , which can be summarized by the copenhagen interpretation , are removed .  ⁇ n the problem of a _ physical _ interpretation of a wave function is solved .  ⁇ n the problem is solved by the copenhagen interpretation of the probability amplitude @xmath0 , which is a fundamental part of the copenhagen interpretation .  ⁇ n the problem is solved by the copenhagen interpretation of @xmath1 .  ⁇ n the problem is solved by the copenhagen interpretation of @xmath2 , which is a fundamental part of the copenhagen interpretation .  ⁇ n the problem is solved by the copenhagen interpretation of @xmath3 .  ⁇ n the problem is solved by the copenhagen interpretation of @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the problem is solved by the copenhagen interpretation of @xmath0 as a probability amplitude .  ⁇ n the problem is solved by the copenhagen interpretation of @xmath0 as a probability 
b' the thermionic electron emission from metals at high temperatures is studied by a laser pulse .  ⁇ n the thermionic current density is calculated by the richardson - dushman equation .  ⁇ 
b' we study the symmetry - breaking bifurcation ( sbb ) of matter - wave solitons in a two - dimensional bose - einstein condensate ( bec ) with a self - attractive cubic nonlinearity .  ⁇ 
b' we argue that the x - ray emission observed in the atmospheres of extrasolar planets and brown dwarfs can be explained by the presence of a strong , ionised atmosphere .  ⁇ 
b' we present a method to construct isospectral potentials with a given energy spectra .  ⁇ n the method is based on the intertwining method .  ⁇ n the method is applied to schrdinger equation with position dependent ( effective ) mass .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the kinematic dynamo effect for parity - invariant flows with large or moderate scale separation .  ⁇ n we show that the dynamo effect can be induced by a negative eddy diffusivity mechanism .  ⁇ n we show that the critical magnetic reynolds number @xmath0 is lowered by a factor @xmath1 .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new model for the formation of dust grains in the ejecta of core - collapse supernovae .  ⁇ n we use a simple model of a snr , a young snr in the large magellanic cloud , and a simple model of a snr ejecta .  ⁇ 
b' this paper analyzes the model of positive stream of pulses .  ⁇ n the model is based on the convolution of a sum of unknown shifts of a kernel with positive coefficients .  ⁇ 
b' i review the dihadron correlation measurements at high at the top rhic energy ( = 200 gev ) and discuss the expectations from the lower energy = 62.4 gev run . '
b' we consider a population composed of @xmath0 individuals , divided in @xmath1 groups of @xmath2 individuals on average .  ⁇ n we assume that the selection mechanism is limited to related individuals , and the selection unit is the individual .  ⁇ n we show that , in an exactly solvable model , altruistic behavior can be selected both disregarding relatedness between individuals and maintaining the individual as the selection unit .  ⁇ n morevoer , that , if the advantage of the presence of altruistically behaving individuals is already felt when their number is small , the stable situation is one in which _ inhomogeneous _ groups , formed of both egoistic and altruistic individuals , coexist with both fully egoistic and fully altruistic individuals . '
b' we study the collective transport of a chain of particles with nearest - neighboring harmonic couplings and subject to a periodic potential and an external force .  ⁇ n the corresponding fokker - planck equation is solved analytically for the case when the external force is uniformly constant .  ⁇ n the corresponding inverse - friction expansion method is used to obtain the analytical solution of the corresponding fokker - planck equation .  ⁇ 
b' we use the fine tuning measure , @xmath0 , to quantify the fine tuning needed to fully test susy .  ⁇ n we show that the fine tuning measure can be used to determine the most important measurements for testing susy at the lhc .  ⁇ 
b' we present a schematic approach to experimental data , based on the non - linear structure of the mode - coupling equations .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new analysis of the pulsar birth velocity distribution in the sloan digital sky survey ( sdss ) .  ⁇ n we find that the pulsar birth velocity distribution is bimodal , with characteristic velocities of @xmath0 km s@xmath1 and @xmath2 km s@xmath3 .  ⁇ n we also find that the pulsar birth velocity distribution is bimodal , with characteristic velocities of @xmath4 km s@xmath7 and @xmath8 km s@xmath7 .  ⁇ n we find that the distribution of pulsar birth velocities is bimodal , with characteristic velocities of @xmath9 km s@xmath7 and @xmath10 km s@xmath7 .  ⁇ n we also find that the distribution of pulsar birth velocities is bimodal , with characteristic velocities of @xmath11 km s@xmath7 and @
b' we present a detailed study of the deflection of a coronal mass ejection ( cme ) in the solar heliosphere .  ⁇ n the cme was observed by soho / lasco and soho / uvcs in the first 20 solar radii .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the 1-norm geometric quantum discord ( gqd ) under the effect of decoherence .  ⁇ n we show that the 1-norm gqd may exhibit double sudden changes and freezing behavior during its evolution .  ⁇ n in particular , its occurrence for bell - diagonal states under the simplest markovian evolutions is a new feature that have not been found for both the entropic and the schatten 2-norm geometric qd .  ⁇ n moreover , we illustrate double sudden changes and freezing behavior of the 1-norm gqd through simple examples .  ⁇ n moreover , we also consider the dynamical properties of quantum correlations in the xxz quantum spin chain in the thermodynamic limit , showing a connection between the occurrence of freezing and the occurrence of sudden changes and freezing . '
b' we present an overview on the current status of the non - thermal detections of clusters of galaxies .  ⁇ n we discuss the interpretation of the observed non - thermal emission , and the possible origin of the non - thermal emission .  ⁇ n we also discuss the possible origin of the non - thermal emission .  ⁇ n we also discuss the possibility of detecting the non - thermal emission from clusters of galaxies . '
b' we show that the supersymmetric soft phases of the lagrangian can affect observables and can be measured in gluino production and decay .  ⁇ n we show that the gluino production cross section does not depend on the phases , but the gluino decay does .  ⁇ 
b' the sunspot number series is a homogeneous dataset composed of observations from a large number of different observers .  ⁇ n the first inter - calibration of data from different observers was performed by rudolf wolf in the mid-19th century .  ⁇ n the calibration of the data by @xmath0factors is based on the method of ordinary linear least square regression forced through the origin .  ⁇ 
b' geant4 is a large - scale monte carlo system for the simulation of electron interactions with matter .  ⁇ n the geant4 toolkit provides various implementations of electron impact ionization based on a condensed - discrete particle transport scheme .  ⁇ n the geant4 toolkit also provides a specialized ionization model for interactions with thin layers of material , the photoabsorption - ionization ( pai ) model .  ⁇ n the validation process , which involves experimental data pertinent to more than 50 elements , also addresses the ionization cross sections encompassed in the evaluated electron data library ( eedl ) .  ⁇ n the validation process , which involves experimental data pertinent to more than 50 elements , also addresses the ionization cross sections encompassed in the geant4 low energy electromagnetic package .  ⁇ n the validation process , which involves experimental data pertinent to more than 50 elements , also addresses the ionization cross sections encompassed in the geant4 low energy electromagnetic package .  ⁇ 
b' in this paper we develop a general theory for designing a sensor achieving back - action evasion ( bae ) , for both the coherent feedback and the direct - interaction configurations .  ⁇ n the key tool used here is the geometric control theory , which was developed a long time ago .  ⁇ n this is indeed a beautiful theory providing a variety of controller design methods for various purposes such as the non - interacting control and the disturbance decoupling problem .  ⁇ n actually in this paper we first demonstrate that the general synthesis problem of a bae sensor can be formulated and solved within the framework of geometric control theory , particularly the above - mentioned disturbance decoupling problem .  ⁇ n then , for a realistic opto - mechanical system subjected to a thermal environment ( the perfect bae is impossible in this case ) , we provide a convenient method to find an approximated bae controller and show how much the designed controller can suppress the noise . '
b' we present a new method to constrain the substellar initial mass function ( imf ) of young embedded clusters .  ⁇ n we use a sample of seven nearby star clusters to constrain the imf .  ⁇ 
b' we discuss the cross - correlation between foreground galaxies and background sources , such as quasars , and the galaxy - dark matter cross - power spectrum .  ⁇ n we show that the cross - correlation function between foreground galaxies and background sources probes two different regimes of the galaxy - dark matter cross - power spectrum .  ⁇ n we also discuss the kernel involved with the projection of three dimensional clustering to the two dimensional angular space .  ⁇ n finally , we estimate the cross - power spectrum between galaxies and mass by inverting the published galaxy - shear correlation function from the sloan digital sky survey .  ⁇ n when necessary , we illustrate our results using the currently favored @xmath0cdm cosmology with @xmath1 and @xmath2 and use inputs , such as the redshift distributions necessary for inversions , from published results in the literature . '
b' we present an overview of recent work done by physicists to characterize the average performances , called complexity , of a given algorithm over a distribution of inputs to an optimization problem .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a new method to measure a mass of an isolated rapidly rotating neutron star ( ns ) that emits gravitational wave ( gw ) .  ⁇ n we show that we can estimate masses of isolated nss by detection of those sources with one of proposed third - generation gravitational wave detectors , namely , einstein telescope ( et ) .  ⁇ n we show that if we detect two gw modes at frequencies @xmath0 and @xmath1 from the same pulsar , we could find the mass by @
b' we present a detailed study of the structure of the central sub - kpc region of a small ( total mass is @xmath0 ) spiral galaxy , using high - resolution n - body / sph simulations .  ⁇ n we show that the central stellar and gaseous cores evolve on a sub - kpc scale during formation of a small ( total mass is @xmath1 ) spiral galaxy through the hierarchical mergers .  ⁇ n we find that the central stellar and gaseous cores are mainly formed in the central regions of the galaxy .  ⁇ n the central stellar and gaseous cores are mainly formed in the central regions of the galaxy .  ⁇ n the central stellar and gaseous cores are mainly formed in the central regions of the galaxy .  ⁇ n the central stellar and gaseous cores are mainly formed in the central regions of the galaxy .  ⁇ n the central stellar and gaseous cores are mainly formed in the central regions of the galaxy .  ⁇ n the central stellar and gase
b' we present a new analysis of the dispersion measure variations of millisecond pulsars due to the solar wind .  ⁇ n we use a new pulsar timing code , tempo1 , to analyse the timing residuals of psr j1022 + 1001 .  ⁇ 
b' we study the short - time scaling behavior of the critical dynamics of the ising and potts models with nearest neighbor interactions .  ⁇ n we find that the scaling form of the dynamic exponents @xmath0 and @x
b' we present a detailed and complete discussion of the properties of a two - dimensional bose gas in the presence of phase fluctuations .  ⁇ n we show that the hartree - fock - bogoliubov formalism can be used to obtain solutions for the density profile , the excitation spectrum and the coherence function .  ⁇ n we also present the momentum profile and coherence length of a phase fluctuating condensate , indicating how these could be measured in forthcoming experiments . '
b' we present _ swift _ uvot and x - ray observations of the type iib supernova ( sn ) 2008ax .  ⁇ 
b' we show that the standard navier - stokes stress ten
b' we present a study of the broad emission line ( bel ) baldwin effect ( beff ) in a sample of quasars spanning @xmath0 in continuum luminosity .  ⁇ 
b' we consider the scattering of a travelling wave from two surface - corrugated waveguides with two statistically uncorrelated or correlated boundaries .  ⁇ n we derive the dyson - type equation and derive approximate expressions for the surface scattering potential .  ⁇ n we show that the surface scattering potential is a generalization of the one derived in the previous paper [ phys .  ⁇ n rev .  ⁇ n b * 66 * , 032305 ( 2005 ) ] .  ⁇ n we also show that the surface scattering potential is a generalization of the one derived in the previous paper [ phys .  ⁇ n rev .  ⁇ n b * 66 * , 032305 ( 2005 ) ] .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the effect of static charging on suspended ( or free standing ) single layer nanostructures , such as graphene , graphane , fluorographene , boron nitride and molybdenum disulfide .  ⁇ n we show that the bond lengths and hence 2d lattice constants increase as a result of electron removal from the single layer .  ⁇ n consequently , phonons soften and the frequencies of raman active modes are lowered .  ⁇ n as a result of electron removal , three - layer , wide band gap bn and mos@xmath0 sheets are metallized and excess positive charge is accumulated mainly at the outermost atomic layers . owing to coulomb force , those layers begin to repel each other . owing to coulomb force ,  ⁇ n the repulsive coulomb force initiates the exfoliation .  ⁇ n when exceeded the weak van der waals attraction , the repulsive coulomb force initiates the ex
b' we study the collapse of a thin shell of radiation with a nonzero radial pressure .  ⁇ n the vaidya metric is a nonstatic generalization of the schwarzschild geometry and describes the geometry of unpolarized radiation , represented by a null fluid emerging from a spherically symmetric source .  ⁇ n the total energy flow through a @xmath0 surface is calculated and its relation with the brown - york energy is investigated .  ⁇ n a modified regular form of the vaidya metric is introduced and its properties are investigated .  ⁇ n the modified quasilocal energy is analyzed both as a function of @xmath1 and as a function of mass of the object , a celestial body or a black hole .  ⁇ n the modified quasilocal energy is analyzed both as a function of @xmath2 and as a function of mass of the object , a celestial body or a black hole .  ⁇ n the modified quasilocal energy is analyzed both as a function of @x
b' we study the dynamics of epidemic outbreaks on adaptive networks .  ⁇ n we assume that susceptible individuals break off connections with infectious neighbors at a given rate @xmath0 and , in place of them , new connections to susceptible and recovered individuals are created with probability @xmath1 .  ⁇ n we consider two alternative scenarios for the dynamics of exposeds ( i.e. , infected but not infectious individuals ) .  ⁇ n in the first one , exposed individuals break off connections with their infectious neighbors at a rate @xmath2 and , with probability @xmath1 , new connections to susceptible and recovered individuals are created with probability @
b' a lunar - based radio observatory would have two key advantages over ground - based observatories .  ⁇ n first , if located on the far side of the moon , the observatory would be shielded from terrestrial transmissions , both natural and human - generated .  ⁇ n second , the earth s ionosphere is opaque at wavelengths longer than 30 m ( frequencies below 10 mhz ) .  ⁇ n in contrast , the surface of the moon offers a spectral window that is entirely inaccessible from the ground , potentially to wavelengths as much as two orders of magnitude longer than those accessible from the ground .  ⁇ n in contrast , without a permanent ionosphere , the surface of the moon offers a spectral window that is entirely inaccessible from the ground , potentially to wavelengths as much as two orders of magnitude longer than those accessible from the ground .  ⁇ n we summarize here key science that would be enabled by a lunar - based radio observatory . '
b' we present a new approach to the calculation of higher - twist contributions to hadron production at high @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the method is based on the frozen coupling constant approach , and is based on the principle of minimal sensitivity .  ⁇ n the resummed renormalon series is resummed in the renormalization scheme , and the higher - twist power - suppressed contributions are parametrized .  ⁇ 
b' we calculate the masses of breathers in the massive thirring model and sine - gordon model by performing an explicit diagonalization of the @xmath0 spin chain .  ⁇ n we find that the mass of the first breather is larger than the dashen - hasslacher - neveu formula predicts .  ⁇ n we also calculate the conformal dimensions of the operators creating breather states .  ⁇ n we confirm the string conjecture for the first breather but get different results for the second breather .  ⁇ n we also calculate the conformal dimensions of operators creating breather states .  ⁇ n we also discuss the relation between the massive thirring model and the sine - gordon model . '
b' we study the effects of inelastic rescattering on the final state interaction ( fsi ) of @xmath0 decays .  ⁇ n we consider a model based on short - distance ( sd ) dynamics .  ⁇ n we assume that the rescattering is of the form @xmath1 , where @xmath2 is the sd - based amplitude .  ⁇ 
b' we review the current status of experimental searches for supersymmetry , the most widely studied extension of the standard model .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a new survey of luminous red galaxies ( lrgs ) at @xmath0 , based on the two - degree field instrument ( 2df ) on the 3.9 m anglo - australian telescope .  ⁇ n the 2df - sdss lrg and qso survey ( 2slaq ) are a new , large , and complete lrg survey .  ⁇ n the 2df - sdss lrg and qso survey are matched to the 2df - sdss lrg and qso survey , and the 2slaq lrgs are compared to the qsos .  ⁇ n the lrgs are found to be systematically more luminous than the sdss lrgs , with a median redshift of @xmath1 .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a model of envy based on plastic preferences .  ⁇ n the model is a slight modification of a previous model .  ⁇ n the individuals are able to set an own preference list with a particular rank in order to achieve the highest satisfaction level .  ⁇ n when an individual does not acquire her / his desired goods , she / he start to looks into the neighbor s basket .  ⁇ n when the individual finds out the searched good into his / his neighbor s basket , an envy relation is bearing .  ⁇ n the number of comparisons is unlimited and is used as a measure of time .  ⁇ n we propose a system where the individuals try to adapt their preferences in order to avoid envy , like a system that adapts itself to the environment and will avoid posterior exchange of goods .  ⁇ n the second part provides the model and explain the simulation method we developed .  ⁇ n finally , we discuss our results . '
b' we study the scattering of rb atoms with nd@xmath0 and nh@xmath0 for collision energies between 0 and 100 @xmath1 .  ⁇ n we carry out quantum - mechanical calculations of integral elastic and state - to - state inelastic cross sections using the coupled states approximation .  ⁇ n we observe numerous scattering resonances .  ⁇ n the resonances can be explained in terms of the bound states of the rb nh@xmath0 complex .  ⁇ n we calculate the pattern of bound states near the lowest dissociation limits of the complex as 
b' in this paper , we propose a new second - order mid - point approximation formula for time riemann - liouville derivative .  ⁇ n then the established scheme is applied to time fractional cable equations in one and two space dimensions .  ⁇ n the unconditional stability and convergence of the established numerical algorithms are presented by the energy method .  ⁇ n the numerical experiments are in line with the theoretical analysis .  ⁇ 
b' in this paper , we propose a sequential robbins - monro ( rm ) procedure for binary classification problems , which is based on the maximum likelihood estimate ( mle ) of a logistic model .  ⁇ n the proposed rm procedure is a stochastic version of the newton - raphson method for nonlinear root - finding problems .  ⁇ 
b' we present measurements of the lateral development of electron - photon cascades in the atmosphere using a ground based gamma ray telescope .  ⁇ n the cascades are observed to develop in a transverse magnetic field of strength @xmath0 g .  ⁇ n the lateral distribution of electrons and positrons near the maximum of an electromagnetic shower in air is approximately axially symmetric .  ⁇ n the presence of a transverse component of magnetic field will cause the electrons and positrons to separate and the lateral distribution to become wider along the radial direction perpendicular to the transverse field component .  ⁇ n the effect of the geomagnetic field on the cascades is discussed .  ⁇ n the observational data demonstrate all the effects of the geomagnetic field on cascades which are predicted by simulations .  ⁇ n the effect of the geomagnetic field on the cascades is discussed .  ⁇ n the effect of the geomagnetic field on the cascades is also discussed .  ⁇ n gamma 
b' we study the degeneracy problem of determining the maki - nakagawa - sakata matrix with unknown sign of @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we show that the degeneracy problem is a generalization of the degeneracy problem , which was previously recognized by burguet - castell _  ⁇ n et al . _  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the effect of a star formation region on the microlensing imprint of a galaxy which is gravitationally lensed by another galaxy .  ⁇ n we consider the case where the source galaxy is a star forming region , and we consider the case where the source galaxy is a star forming region .  ⁇ n we find that the imprint of a star forming region is a variable variable , with a mean of about 1% .  ⁇ 
b' the extension force law of a long homopolypeptide just above the melting temperature of the helix , @xmath0 , exhibits two plateaus .  ⁇ n the low - tension plateau is due to helix formation induced by the extension and the accompanying loss of configurational entropy .  ⁇ n the high - tension plateau is due to the extension induced melting of the helices when the end - to - end length exceeds the length of the fully helical chain .  ⁇ n the second plateau is due to the facile alignment of the long persistent regions in the helix .  ⁇ n the force law for weak extensions exhibits a quasi plateau _  ⁇ n i.e. , _ a regime with a weak slope that is not associated with a coexistence .  ⁇ n the latter regime is due to the facile alignment of the long persistent regions in the helix .  ⁇ n the present article presents a unified treatment of the problem , tracing the physical origins of the disagreements between the force laws obtained in the two earlier
b' in this paper , we present a novel weak galerkin finite element method for solving the stationary stokes equations .  ⁇ n the weak galerkin method uses weak functions and their weak derivatives which are defined as distributions .  ⁇ 
b' i report on the results of a sample of 16 x - ray bursters discovered by _  ⁇ n bepposax _ , namely gs 1826 - 238 .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed analysis of the chemical abundances of rich clusters of galaxies , based on a sample of 68 clusters , spanning a range of redshifts .  ⁇ 
b' we present a method for determining the photometric redshift of quasar candidates , based on the photometric selection of quasar candidates .  ⁇ 
b' we present a theoretical study of the structure and bonding properties of nanocomposite cr@xmath0c@xmath1 thin films .  ⁇ n the amorphous metal carbide phase is found to be amorphous with a carbon atom in a mixture of octahedral and prismatic sites .  ⁇ n the amorphous carbon - rich contribution is found to be larger than the crystalline cr@xmath2c@xmath3 phase .  ⁇ n the amorphous carbon - rich contribution is found to be more or less constant in carbon content .  ⁇ 
b' the h1 plug calorimeter is a silicon instrumented sampling calorimeter , designed to fill the gap between the forward part of the lar calorimeter and the beam pipe .  ⁇ n the plug has been operational since 92 within the environment of the hera electron proton collider .  ⁇ n severe radiation damage of the silicon detectors used during the 94 run period has been observed .  ⁇ n the monitoring of the diode characteristics during normal plug operation has been explained as an introduction into the experimental difficulties of the monitoring of the diode characteristics during normal plug operation .  ⁇ n the results of the monitoring during the 94 run period of hera are given , and are compared with the final analysis of related measurements as performed in the laboratory . '
b' we develop a method to predict the phase space distribution of relic neutrinos in the local universe , as well as in outer space .  ⁇ n the method is based on the concordance flat @xmath0cdm model , and can be applied to the complete range of experimentally and observationally consistent neutrino masses .  ⁇ n we show that the phase space distribution of relic neutrinos in our local neighbourhood is well described by the fermi dirac function , and that the relic neutrino mass eigenstates are not relativistic .  ⁇ n we also show that the relic neutrino mass eigenstates are not relativistic , and that the relic neutrino mass eigenstates are not relativistic .  ⁇ n we also show that the relic neutrino mass eigenstates are not relativistic , and that the relic neutrino mass eigenstates are not relativistic .  ⁇ 
b' we analyze the anti - hyperon polarizations in unpolarized proton - proton and proton - nucleus ( @xmath0 ) collisions .  ⁇ n we find that the spin-@xmath1 baryon contains an intrinsic diquark - antidiquark state with a probability of about 7@xmath0 .  ⁇ n we also analyze the single - spin asymmetry of @xmath2 and @xmath3 .  ⁇ n we find that the anti - hyperon polarizations in unpolarized @xmath1 and @xmath4 collisions are positive and negative , respectively .  ⁇ n we also discuss the single - spin asymmetry of @xmath5 and @xmath3 . '
b' this paper proposes a new linear programming deflation ( lpd ) algorithm for the joint power and admission control problem .  ⁇ n the proposed algorithm is based on @xmath0 ( @xmath1 ) norm minimization .  ⁇ n the @xmath2 ( @xmath3 ) norm minimization problem is solved by applying the interior - point algorithm to solve its equivalent reformulation .  ⁇ n numerical results show that the proposed algorithm compares favorably with the existing approaches in terms of the number of simultaneously supportable links at their required sinr targets .  ⁇ n _ keywords : _ joint power and admission control , linear programming deflation , @xmath2 norm , interior - point algorithm , @xmath2 norm , @xmath3 norm . '
b' the pion induced double charge exchange ( dcx ) reaction is studied in the framework of a cascade model .  ⁇ n the pion spectra are calculated for the @xmath0-nucleus inclusive reaction .  ⁇ n the angular distributions of the pions are calculated .  ⁇ n the angular distributions of the pions are compared with the spectra of the @xmath1-nucleus .  ⁇ n the angular distributions of the pions are found to be very similar to those of the @xmath2-nucleus .  ⁇ n the angular distributions of the pions are found to be very similar to those of the @xmath0-nucleus .  ⁇ n the angular distributions of the pions are also calculated .  ⁇ n the angular distributions of the pions are found to be very similar to those of the @xmath0-nucleus .  ⁇ n the angular distributions of the pions are also found to
b' the entropy of a system in contact with a large reservoir is studied .  ⁇ n the entropy is obtained by minimizing the probability density function ( pdf ) of the system .  ⁇ n the entropy is found to be a function of the degree of non - gaussianity .  ⁇ n the entropy is found to be a function of the degree of non - gaussianity .  ⁇ n the entropy production per unit time is found to be a function of the depth of the well .  ⁇ n the entropy production per unit time is found to be a function of the depth of the well .  ⁇ n the entropy production per unit time is found to be a function of the depth of the well .  ⁇ n the entropy production per unit time is found to be a function of the depth of the well .  ⁇ n the entropy production per unit time is found to be a function of the depth of the well .  ⁇ n the entropy production per unit time
b' we have studied the structural and magnetic properties of ptbi@xmath0 single crystals .  ⁇ n ptbi@xmath0 crystallizes in space group p-3 with a hexagonal unit cell of @xmath2=@xmath3=6.553@xmath4 , @xmath1=6.165@xmath4 .  ⁇ n the in - plane resistivity shows metallic behaviors down to 2 k , the lowest temperature studied in this work .  ⁇ n the intra - plane and inter - plane magnetization shows pronounced anisotropy , being diamagnetic with field aligned along the plane and paramagnetic when field is perpendicular to the plane .  ⁇ n the magnetoresistance ( mr ) and hall resistivity both show two types of carriers and the former one scales well to the semi - classical kohler s rule .  ⁇ n the magnetoresistance and hall resistivity both show two types of carriers and the former one scales well to the semi - classical
b' we report the discovery of a brown dwarf companion to the nearby m8-l0 star lhs 2397a .  ⁇ n the companion is a brown dwarf with a mass of @xmath0 , and a mass of @xmath1 .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the relationship between the effective surface temperature @xmath0 and the internal temperature of a neutron star ( ns ) .  ⁇ n we consider both non - magnetized and partially accreted nss .  ⁇ n we use the opacity library ( opal ) radiative opacities for h , he , and c , improved considerably with respect to los - alamos opacities used in previous studies .  ⁇ n we also implement new , advanced theoretical data on equation of state ( eos ) and thermal conductivity of dense matter .  ⁇ n we employ the thermal conductivity due to the electron - phonon scattering , improved thermal conductivity due to the debye  ⁇ n waller factor , and the thermal conductivity due to coulomb electron - ion and electron - electron collisions .  ⁇ n the physics input allows us to extend the results of previous studies to colder nss , with @xmath0 down to 50000 k. we also perform simulation
b' we investigate the ability of ontological models to reproduce quantum mechanical statistical predictions for a discrete set of preparations and measurements upon a given system .  ⁇ n we introduce a matrix factorization of empirical data , equivalent to an ontological model .  ⁇ n we then introduce a method of generating matrix elements , which we call a _  ⁇ n _  ⁇ n _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
b' we present a study of the inclusive @xmath0 production in cc dis .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a search for ultra - faint satellites of isolated dwarf galaxies in the local group .  ⁇ n we use the sloan digital sky survey data release 1 to search for satellites of isolated dwarfs .  ⁇ n we find that the sdss - iii data set is dominated by a subset of satellites , with a median redshift of @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we find that the sdss - iii data set is dominated by a subset of satellites , with a median redshift of @xmath1 .  ⁇ n we find that the sdss - iii data set is dominated by a subset of satellites , with a median redshift of @xmath2 .  ⁇ n the sdss - iii data set is dominated by a subset of satellites , with a median redshift of @xmath3 .  ⁇ n the sdss 
b' in the present paper , a reactor neutrino detector with gadolinium - doped liquid scintillator ( gd - ls ) is used as a neutron - tagged device to reject neutron background .  ⁇ n the rejection power of this neutron - tagged device can reach @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the rejection power of this neutron - tagged device can reach @xmath1 .  ⁇ n the rejection power of this neutron - tagged device can reach @xmath2 .  ⁇ n the rejection power of this neutron - tagged device can reach @xmath3 . '
b' we study the nonequilibrium dynamics of a quantum dot coupled to two reservoirs , and show that the nonequilibrium density matrix can be obtained by solving the hamiltonian of the system .  ⁇ n the nonequilibrium density matrix is obtained by a recursive method , and the resulting nonequilibrium density matrix is compared with the exact one .  ⁇ 
b' we study the influence of particle shape on the macroscopic properties of a three - dimensional deposits of polydisperse ellipsoids .  ⁇ n we show that the density and coordination number of the deposits behave similarly to what is observed in randomly constructed jammed systems .  ⁇ n however , in contrast with randomly constructed jammed systems , deposits become strongly anisotropic when the shape of the particles deviate from the sphere .  ⁇ n furthermore , we introduce two control parameters describing the polydispersity in the size and the shape of a general ellipsoid .  ⁇ n we use molecular dynamics simulations to study the dependence of macroscopic observables taken from the entire deposit as functions of the control parameters .  ⁇ n we find that the density and coordination number of deposits behave similarly to what is observed in randomly constructed jammed systems .  ⁇ n however , in contrast with randomly constructed jammed systems , deposits become strongly anisotropic when the shape of the particles deviates from the sphere .  ⁇ n furthermore , we find that the size
b' we present @xmath0 and @xmath1 photometry of the proto - galaxy candidate ms1512-cb58 , which is a member of the cluster ms1512 + 36 .  ⁇ 
b' we present a review of the recent results of the fastsum collaboration on the suppression of bottomonia in the quark - gluon plasma .  ⁇ n we discuss the sensitivity of the spectral properties of the plasma to the chiral symmetry restoration and deconfinement .  ⁇ n we also discuss the sensitivity of the spectral properties to the chiral symmetry breaking .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed _ ab initio _ study of the time evolution of the electron and lattice temperatures in plasmonic metals .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new suzaku observation of the seyfert 2 galaxy iras f01475 - 0740 .  ⁇ n we detect significant and rapid x - ray variations at time scale down to 5 ks .  ⁇ n such rapid variations , which were not seen during previous xmm - newton observations , provide strong constraint to the x - ray absorption nature of ira
b' we present a tool which a scientist may use to author sophisticated queries for data from astronomy repositories and then apply a variety of operations to these data so that the data of interest are acquired .  ⁇ n the concept is straightforward .  ⁇ n the user indicates the  ⁇  source '' data they want by creating a class with restrictions on its properties .  ⁇ n operations are then applied to convert data into the  ⁇  goal '' form .  ⁇ n a directional graph ( or workflow ) specifies the order and precedence of operations .  ⁇ n the tool also handles the conversion of the source class definition into a sparql query and manages the interaction with the astronomical repository ( which is a sparql endpoint ) .  ⁇ n the tool also handles the conversion of the source class definition into a sparql query and manages the interaction with the astronomical repository ( which is a sparql endpoint ) . '
b' we study the relaxation time @xmath0 of a tethered membrane in the presence of a long - ranged hydrodynamic interaction .  ⁇ n we consider a two - dimensional model membrane with a rouse dynamics and a zimm dynamics .  ⁇ n the diffusion coefficient @xmath1 is found to be proportional to the membrane size @xmath2 .  ⁇ n the mean - square displacement @xmath3 of the central node of the membrane undergoes a subdiffusive mean - square displacement ( msqd ) @xmath4 with the exponent @xmath5 .  ⁇ n the msqd @xmath6 is found to be independent of the membrane size @xmath7 .  ⁇ n the msqd @xmath8 is found to be independent of the membrane size @xmath9 .  ⁇ n the msqd @xmath10 is found to be independent of @xmath9 .  ⁇ n the msqd @x
b' we study the possibility of using defects in photonic crystals and optical lattices to manipulate nonlinear matter waves embedded in them .  ⁇ n we show that , in the first regime of high particle density , the existence of confined modes produced by defects in photonic crystals can be used to generate extended modes in photonic crystals .  ⁇ n we also show that the existence of extended modes in photonic crystals can be used to create optical lattices .  ⁇ n we conclude by suggesting the potential of using defects in photonic crystals to manipulate nonlinear matter waves embedded in them , and comment on the difficulties that must be resolved before realizing it experimentally . '
b' we investigate the feasibility of measuring peculiar velocities and cluster temperatures at cm and mm wavelengths in the presence of contaminating sources .  ⁇ n we consider the sunyaev - zeldovich ( sz ) effect and its relation to the properties of galaxy clusters .  ⁇ n we consider a four - channel reference experiment , a spherical - symmetric , spherical - symmetric , spherical - symmetric , spherical - symmetric , spherical - symmetric , spherical - symmetric , spherical - symmetric , spherical - symmetric , spherical - symmetric , spherical - symmetric , spherical - symmetric , spherical - symmetric , spherical - symmetric , spherical - symmetric , spherical - symmetric , s
b' we present the results of photometric and spectroscopic follow - up observations of , a new @
b' we present theoretical models for the intensity distribution on the sky produced by the central b star and disk of a be star system .  ⁇ n the models are computed with the bedisk code .  ⁇ n the disk density model contains several adjustable parameters , and the values for these parameters can then be extracted from the match to observations .  ⁇ n we present new observations and detailed models for the classical be stars @xmath0dra , @xmath1psc , and @xmath2cyg .  ⁇ n we also use near - contemporaneous observations of the h@xmath3 spectral lines for these stars as additional constraints on the density model .  ⁇ n we find that the additional spectroscopic constraint of detailed line profiles is often an important ingredient in selecting among models consistent with the interferometric observations .  ⁇ 
b' we report on the experimental realization of rovibrationally stable dense samples of ultracold polar molecules .  ⁇ n the atoms are photoassociated into a bound electronically excited molecular state , and the resulting molecules are subsequently transferred to the excited state by stimulated raman adiabatic passage ( stirap ) .  ⁇ n the rabi frequency of the pump pulse is found to be @xmath0 hz , which is a factor of @xmath1 larger than the coherence time of the continuum .  ⁇ n the rabi frequency is found to be @xmath2 hz , which is a factor of @xmath3 larger than the coherence time of the continuum .  ⁇ n the rabi frequency is found to be @xmath0 hz , which is a factor of @xmath1 larger than the coherence time of the continuum .  ⁇ n the rabi frequency is found to be @xmath0 hz , which is a factor of @x
b' we present a search for point - like behavior in the arrival directions of ultra high energy cosmic ray events above @xmath0 ev , using the high resolution fly s eye ( hires ) monocular data set .  ⁇ n we evaluate our sensitivity using monte carlo simulated sources .  ⁇ n we also consider the historically significant source candidate cygnus x-3 as the focus of an _ a priori _ search . '
b' we present a theoretical study of the structural properties of spherical hollow nanoparticles .  ⁇ n we focus on the geometrical effects , which are mainly due to the geometrical effects .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed study of the electronic structure and the optical properties of the ce pnictides , focusing on the role of the @xmath0 phase .  ⁇ n the @xmath1 wave function overlap between the ce atoms is analyzed , and the spectral features of the @xmath1 signal are analyzed .  ⁇ n the spectral features of the @xmath1 signal are analyzed in detail , and the role of the @xmath1 shell is discussed .  ⁇ n the spectral features of the @x
b' the perturbing effect of a turbulent plasma density layer on a traversing microwave beam is investigated by means of full - wave simulations .  ⁇ n the density fluctuations are modeled by means of a series of parameter scans .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate a toy model for the standard model without gauge fields and with a particular chiral left / right asymmetry .  ⁇ n we find an asymptotically safe theory which is well - defined on all scales ( renormalisable ) with a highly predictive power and comparatively simple from a computational point of view .  ⁇ 
b' the clio project is a prototype of lcgt ( large - scale cryogenic gravitational telescope ) .  ⁇ n the clio project is to construct an interferometer in kamioka mine and to demonstrate thermal - noise suppression by cooling the mirrors .  ⁇ n the clio project is a prototype of lcgt .  ⁇ 
b' we study the effects of magnetic field and rotation on the dynamics of core - collapse supernovae ( ccsne ) .  ⁇ n we find that the magnetic field and rotation can enhance or drive explosions with the canonical energy of @
b' we present a new numerical simulation of the formation of a giant planet in a proto - planetary disk .  ⁇ 
b' we present new domains of instability for slowly pulsating b - type supergiants ( spbsg ) .  ⁇ n we study the effects of opacity , metallicity , overshooting , element diffusion and mass loss on the pulsational instability areas .  ⁇ n we construct propagation diagrams and properties of instability parameter and kinetic energy of modes for representative models .  ⁇ n we discuss a prospect for mode identification .  ⁇ n an attempt to interpret the oscillation spectrum of hd 163899 is presented .  ⁇ n a tentative explanation of the g - mode pulsations in hd 163899 is proposed . '
b' we present _ bepposax _ observations of the clusters of galaxies rxj1347 - 1145 , zwicky 3146 and abell 2390 .  ⁇ n the x - ray emission is dominated by a subsonic flow of gas towards the central region , producing a cooling flow .  ⁇ 
b' we present measurements of transverse single spin asymmetries for forward jet production in proton - proton collisions at rhic .  ⁇ 
b' the hierarchical reference theory of fluids ( hrt ) is a generalization of the hierarchical reference theory of fluids ( hrt ) , a theory of second order phase transitions formulated in field - theoretical language .  ⁇ 
b' we study the @xmath0-nucleon - nucleon interactions with the heavy - baryon chiral perturbation theory up to the next - to - leading order .  ⁇ n the @xmath0-nucleon optical potential is calculated with the relativistic mean - field theory .  ⁇ n the @xmath0-nucleon optical potential is found to be @xmath1 mev .  ⁇ n the @xmath0-nucleon optical potential is found to be @xmath2 mev .  ⁇ n the @xmath0-nucleus optical potential is found to be @xmath3 mev .  ⁇ n the @xmath0-nucleus optical potential is also calculated .  ⁇ n the @xmath0-nucleus optical potential is found to be @xmath4 mev .  ⁇ n the @xmath0-nucleus optical potential is also calculated . '
b' we present a theoretical study of the delayed collapse of a weak colloidal gel .  ⁇ 
b' we present a complete infrared selected redshift survey , based on the 2-micron all sky survey ( ) and the 2df galaxy redshift survey ( ) .  ⁇ n the survey is complete to the magnitude limit of the catalogue and is complete to the magnitude limit of the 2df galaxy redshift survey ( ) .  ⁇ n the matched galaxies are a representative subset of the catalogue .  ⁇ 
b' we extend the warm inflation from canonical fields to a general noncanonical field and build a new and broader picture of inflation .  ⁇ n the stronger hubble damping term and thermal damping term , stability analysis gave the even less restricted slow - roll conditions and a new but still scale - invariant power spectrum was obtained .  ⁇ n the energy scale of inflation when hubble horizon crosses , the production of gravitational wave and consistency equation all acquire modified from both noncanonical effect and thermal effect .  ⁇ n the non - gaussianity generated in the new picture has not been fully researched and it s the main task of our paper .  ⁇ 
b' we study the quark mass matrices of a model of fermion masses , in which the mass matrix is almost of the pure phase form and is constructed out of four plus two extra compact spatial dimensions .  ⁇ n we show that the allowed region in the allowed parameter space where the ckm matrix is fit is a special case of the region where the parameter @xmath0 of the strong cp problem can be found to satisfy the experimental bound .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed analysis of the sensitivity of the big - bang - observer ( bbo ) mission to the gravitational wave background ( cgwb ) .  ⁇ n we show that the bbo mission , based on a constellation of four interferometers , can be used to probe the cgwb at frequencies below the lisa sensitivity .  ⁇ 
b' we study the thermalization of a quark - gluon plasma ( qgp ) in the framework of the color glass condensate ( cgc ) .  ⁇ 
b' we study the transport properties of twinned yba@xmath0cu@xmath1o@
b' we study the bose - einstein condensation ( bec ) of composite bosons in the bcs - bcs crossover .  ⁇ n we consider a model of a fermi gas with a short range potential , a bcs - mf , and a bcs - mf .  ⁇ n we consider the bcs - mf and the bcs - mf formalisms , and we study the bcs - mf formalism .  ⁇ n we show that the bcs - mf formalism is able to describe the physics of the bec - bcs crossover , in the strong coupling limit .  ⁇ n we also discuss the bcs - mf formalism in the strong coupling limit .  ⁇ n we show that the bcs - mf formalism is able to describe the physics of the bec - bcs crossover , in the strong coupling limit
b' the alice experiment at the lhc is a large ion collider experiment .  ⁇ 
b' we study the performance of the susceptibility propagation ( susprop ) algorithm on the inverse ising problem .  ⁇ n the algorithm is based on the naive mean field ( nmf ) method and independent pair ( ind ) approximation .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a scenario in which the most massive planets in a planetary system can be formed by a process of gas collapse , independently of metallicity , whilst the lighter components would have formed via core accretion .  ⁇ n this scenario can lead to a situation in which these more massive planets with larger semi - major axis , cross the gas disc centred around the central sun .  ⁇ n when going through this dissipative process , the inner disc is heated up and the semi - major axis of the planet shrinks .  ⁇ n after some passages , the planet is trapped in the disc with a residual eccentricity .  ⁇ n we propose this scenario as a plausible way of explaining the existence of massive planets distributed around a sun with non - zero eccentricities .  ⁇ n we give results based on high - accurate dynamical simulations about the distribution of the orbital elements of the trapped objects in the disc .  ⁇ n we find that the massive planets are typically captured after some @
b' we present a thermodynamic theory for cubic perovskite compounds based on first - principles calculations .  ⁇ 
b' we examine the degree of homogeneity of the universe as a function of scale by considering redshift and peculiar velocities surveys , radio - sources , the x - ray background , the ly-@xmath0 forest , and the cosmic microwave background .  ⁇ n we show that a fractal model on large scales is highly improbable . assuming an frw metric we evaluate the best fit universe by performing a joint analysis of cosmic probes .  ⁇ n we find that the best fit universe is a fractal model with a fractal dimension of @xmath1 .  ⁇ n we also show that a fractal model on large scales is highly improbable .  ⁇ n assuming an frw metric we evaluate the best fit universe by performing a joint analysis of cosmic probes . '
b' in this article , a new versatile simulation framework for iaas systems is presented .  ⁇ n dissect - cf is a new , versatile , resource sharing framework that allows researchers to model the internal behaviour of iaas systems .  ⁇ n dissect - cf offers two major benefits : a unified resource sharing model , and a more complete iaas stack simulation ( including for example virtual machine image repositories , storage and in - data - centre networking ) .  ⁇ n the benefits of the sharing model are threefold : @xmath0 it allows a single framework to model resource bottlenecks ( e.g. , cpu , network ) , @xmath1 generic resource type independent , generic monitoring , and @xmath2 it provides a unified view on resource type independent , generic monitoring .  ⁇ n finally , dissect - cf also opens up possibilities for more fine - grained simulations ( e.g. , resource
b' we show that any plain vanilla hidden variable resultant method based on the cayley or sylvester matrix is a numerically unstable algorithm for solving a polynomial system .  ⁇ n in particular , we show that the hidden variable resultant method based on the cayley resultant matrix is numerically unstable for multidimensional rootfinding with a factor that grows exponentially with the polynomial degree .  ⁇ n we also show that the sylvester matrix leads to a hidden variable resultant method that can also square the conditioning of a root .  ⁇ n we believe that this numerically unstable numerically has not been analyzed before because there are at least two other sources of numerical issues : ( 1 ) the hidden variable resultant method is usually employed with the monomial polynomial basis , which can be devastating in practice when the polynomial degree is large , and ( 2 ) some rootfinding problems have inherently ill - conditioned zeros and hence , one does not always expect accurate solutions .  ⁇ n we focus on the purely numerical 
b' we study the electronic properties of gapped graphene - based superlattices .  ⁇ n we find that the gapless graphene superlattices exhibit a strong anisotropy for the low - energy charge carriers group velocities , and the formation of the extra dirac points and new zero - energy states .  ⁇ n the gapless graphene superlattices exhibit a strong anisotropy for the low - energy charge carriers group velocities , and the landau levels of the extra dirac fermions are characterized by the unusual properties of landau levels and the quantum hall effect .  ⁇ n the gapped graphene superlattices exhibit a large bandgap , which is a promising candidate for a gate - tunable gate - effect transistor . '
b' we empirically investigate the effects of market factors on the existence and magnitude of significant information flow among stocks .  ⁇ n we consider market factors as potential elements that may affect the existence and magnitude of significant information flow among stocks .  ⁇ n we evaluate the effects of market factors on the information flow among stocks in terms of two perspectives - namely , information value and changes in market status .  ⁇ n we find that market factors are the most influential factors that affect the existence and magnitude of significant information flow among stocks .  ⁇ n we also demonstrate that market factors are the most influential factors that affect the existence and magnitude of significant information flow among stocks .  ⁇ n we also demonstrate that market factors are the most influential factors that affect the existence and magnitude of significant information flow among stocks .  ⁇ n we also demonstrate that market factors are the most influential factors that affect the existence and magnitude of significant information flow among stocks .  ⁇ n we also demonstrate that market factors are the most influential factors that affect the existence and magnitude of significant information flow among stocks . '
b' we present a detailed study of the horizontal - branch ( hb ) morphology of the oosterhoff group ii globular clusters ( gcs ) m15 and m3 .  ⁇ n we find that the hb morphology of the gcs is largely blue , and the hb morphology is mainly blue .  ⁇ 
b' we have interpolated the padova94 stellar evolutionary models in the metallicity range 0.001 .  ⁇ n the interpolated tracks are compared with the padova94 models .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the quasinormal modes ( qnm ) of time dependent backgrounds corresponding to a general vaidya metric , with special emphasis on nonstationary effects .  ⁇ n we show that the qnm frequencies can be used to investigate the case of a vaidya metric evolving towards a reisser - nordstrm naked singularity .  ⁇ n we also show that it is in principle possible to obtain some information about the singularity from the qnm frequencies , in agreement with the results of ishibashi and hosoya . '
b' we establish a birkhoff - type representation for minimizers of a @xmath0-submodular function .  ⁇ n this can be viewed as a generalization of the poset representation for submodular functions and ando fujishige s signed - poset representation for bisubmodular functions .  ⁇ n a feature of our representation is to utilize a _  ⁇ n poset with inconsistent pairs ( pip ) _ , which is a discrete structure having a stronger power of expression than that of a signed - poset .  ⁇ n a pip is a poset endowed with an additional binary relation ( _ inconsistent relation _ ) , and is viewed as a poset reformulation of 2-cnf .  ⁇ n a pip was recently rediscovered by ardila  ⁇ n sullivant to represent nonpositively curved cube complexes .  ⁇ n a birkhoff - type representation theorem for median semilattices was established by niels
b' we investigate the anisotropy of the interface free energy of the flat bcc - liquid interface in 3d , using equilibrium simulations .  ⁇ n the free energy of the flat interface is calculated by a simple dynamical density functional theory , and the anisotropy of the interface free energy is calculated by a second - order cubic harmonic expansion .  ⁇ 
b' we consider a ring - like structure of two - level systems coupled with nearest neighbor tunneling amplitudes .  ⁇ n we consider both a common decay channel where the excitation can be lost , and a static disorder .  ⁇ n we show that , under certain conditions , the system can have a superradiant behavior .  ⁇ 
b' we study the counterterm method for lovelock gravity with curved horizon .  ⁇ n we show that the counterterm method is a convenient way to remove the non - logarithmic divergences in the action .  ⁇ n we also show that the counterterm method can be used to calculate the conserved quantities intrinsically without relying on any reference spacetime .  ⁇ n we also show that the counterterm method can be used to calculate the conserved quantities intrinsically without relying on any reference spacetime . '
b' we present a new model for the outburst of dne .  ⁇ 
b' we study the possibility of accelerating ultra - high - energy cosmic rays ( crs ) in astrophysical sources .  ⁇ n we consider the possibility of accelerating particles to energies below the greisen zatsepin kuzmin cutoff .  ⁇ n we show that , in the case of a smbh environment , the maximal energy of accelerated particles is not necessarily equal to the maximal energy of the smbh .  ⁇ n we also show that , in the case of a smbh , the maximal energy of accelerated particles is not equal to the maximal energy of the smbh .  ⁇ n we show that , in the case of a smbh , the maximal energy of accelerated particles is not equal to the maximal energy of the smbh .  ⁇ n we also show that , in the case of a smbh , the maximal energy of accelerated particles is not equal to the maximal energy of the smbh .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the effects of an inhomogeneous solar wind on a fast coronal mass ejection ( cme ) originating on 2011 march 7 .  ⁇ n the cme is a fast flare from ar1166 , which is a coronal hole just to the east of the sun .  ⁇ n the western half of the cme propagates outwards through high speed wind from the coronal hole , ultimately hitting stereo - a on march 9 , while the eastern half propagates outwards through slow speed wind , ultimately hitting earth a day later on march 10 .  ⁇ n the heliospheric images of the event also show signatures of the uneven shock geometry caused by the high speed wind from the coronal hole .  ⁇ n we empirically reconstruct the shock shape from the data , and we examine whether mhd models of the inner heliosphere can successfully reproduce the inferred shape . '
b' we present density functional theory calculations for the cubic methylammonium ch@xmath0nh@xmath0pbi@xmath0 .  ⁇ n we find that the electronic structure of ch@x
b' we present a method to extract the shape of the velocity ellipsoid in a single galaxy .  ⁇ n we use the fact that an intermediate - inclination galaxy shows different projections of the velocity dispersion at different galactocentric azimuths .  ⁇ n we apply this method to the large early type spiral ngc 488 and compare the results to the velocity ellipsoid in the solar neighbourhood .  ⁇ n we find that the velocity ellipsoid in the solar neighbourhood is a more ellipsoidal than the velocity ellipsoid in the solar neighbourhood .  ⁇ n the ellipsoid in the solar neighbourhood is a more ellipsoidal than the velocity ellipsoid in the solar neighbourhood .  ⁇ n the ellipsoid in the solar neighbourhood is a more ellipsoidal than the velocity ellipsoid in the solar neighbourhood .  ⁇ 
b' we present a kinetic - rate equation approach to quarkonia in ultra - relativistic heavy - ion collisions .  ⁇ 
b' we study the effects of mavan s on the neutrino phenomenology .  ⁇ n we consider the cosmological model in which the scalar field couples to the baryonic matter and also to the neutrino background .  ⁇ n we show that the scalar field can couple to the baryonic matter and also to the neutrino background .  ⁇ n we also study the effect of mavan s on the neutrino phenomenology .  ⁇ n we show that the scalar field can couple to the baryonic matter and also to the neutrino background .  ⁇ n we also show that the scalar field can couple to the neutrino background .  ⁇ n we also show that the scalar field can couple to the neutrino background .  ⁇ n we also show that the scalar field can couple to the neutrino background .  ⁇ n we also show that the scalar field can couple to the neutrino background .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the h@xmath0 emission from the proplyds in the orion nebula .  ⁇ 
b' we study the fractal / small - world dichotomy in networks , focusing on the case of finite connectivity .  ⁇ 
b' we study the exchange biasing effect in a ferromagnetic ( fm ) layer coupled to an antiferromagnetic ( af ) layer using a monte carlo simulation .  ⁇ n we find that the exchange biasing effect is dominated by the formation of volume domains in the fm layer .  ⁇ n the coercivity of the fm layer as a function of temperature shows a maximum at the point of zero bias .  ⁇ n the coercivity shows a maximum at the point of zero bias , which takes place at approximately 70% switching of the af layer .  ⁇ n the coercivity shows a maximum at the point of zero bias , which takes place at approximately 70% switching of the af layer .  ⁇ n the coercivity shows a maximum at the point of zero bias , which takes place at approximately 70% switching of the af layer .  ⁇ n the coercivity is enhanced by the exchange bias , which is proportional to the exchange coupling between the layers .  ⁇ n the coerc
b' the status of the neutrino oscillation scenario is reviewed .  ⁇ n the recent results from the miniboone and long - base - line experiments are briefly reviewed .  ⁇ n finally some physics expectations for the near future after a personal discussion of the very recent opera results are drawn . '
b' we present the preparations and the results of two experiments to search for hidden - sector photons ( hp ) in the mass range @
b' i review the basic ideas of yang - mills theory .  ⁇ n i then discuss the yang - mills equations in the abelian case .  ⁇ n i then discuss the yang - mills equations in the abelian case .  ⁇ n i then discuss the yang - mills equations in the abelian case .  ⁇ n i then discuss the yang - mills equations in the abelian case . '
b' we present a study of the spatial distributions of far - infrared ( fir ) and radio continuum emission for a sample of 12 spiral galaxies observed as part of the _ spitzer _ infrared nearby galaxies survey ( sings ) legacy science program and the westerbork synthesis radio telescope ( wsrt)-sings radio continuum survey .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new ansatz for the @xmath0 skyrmion which is based on rational maps .  ⁇ n the ansatz is a generalization of the spherically symmetric hedgehog ansatz , which is a generalization of the instanton - inspired ansatz .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the deconfinement and chiral transition in qcd at non - zero temperature using highly improved staggered quark ( hisq ) action and tree - level improved gauge action .  ⁇ n we find that the deconfinement and chiral transitions are no longer interconnected .  ⁇ n we also discuss the relation between the deconfinement and chiral transitions . '
b' we study the pulse transmission properties in presence of a fano resonance . assuming a simple gaussian incident pulse and the validity of the landauer - bttiker formalism  ⁇ n we obtain a first analytical description to cover the entire fano resonance regime .  ⁇ n furthermore , in contrast to previous calculations on resonant pulse transmission , in our model the properties of the transmitted pulse can be related directly to the critical parameters .  ⁇ n we demonstrate that in a pulse transmission experiment one can distinguish between a resonant and a nonresonant conductance background making it possible to determine the parameters uniquely .  ⁇ n however , at typical confinement lengths in the order of tens of nanometers we find typical times to resolve the needed shape of the transmitted pulses in the order of picoseconds . '
b' we study the organic magnetoresistance ( omr ) in amorphous organic semiconductors .  ⁇ n the hopping transport is described by the miller - abrahams theory .  ⁇ 
b' we study the dynamics of a population of agents in a financial market .  ⁇ n the agents are able to adapt to each other through adjusting the payoffs of their strategies .  ⁇ 
b' the structure of the bent double helix of @xmath0dna is modeled by a sterical network of oscillators in the frame of the base pair picture .  ⁇ n the electron motion is described by a tight - binding system .  ⁇ n the nonlinear interaction between the electron and the vibrational modes of the double helix causes the formation of polarons respectively electron - vibron breathers supporting charge localization and transport .  ⁇ n the mobility properties of the polarons respectively electron - vibron breathers are discussed in the presence of parametrical disorder and complex structural effects due to irregular deviations from the ordered helical shape of the double helix .  ⁇ n the role played by parametrical disorder and complex structural effects is elucidated .  ⁇ 
b' we study the production and decay of new particles in supersymmetric models with @xmath0-parity violation .  ⁇ n we consider a topology in which a primary resonance undergoes a charged - current transition to a secondary resonance by emitting a w - boson , with the secondary resonance subsequently decaying to two jets .  ⁇ n we consider a representative model in which the primary resonance is a bottom squark ( sbottom ) and the secondary resonance a top squark ( stop ) , the production and decay of which occur through @xmath1 .  ⁇ n we show that the cdf observation of a resonance in dijets produced in association with a w boson can be explained in terms of the production and decay of squarks or sleptons and sneutrino .  ⁇ n we also show that a squark or slepton can be the lightest ( s)particle in the spectrum .  ⁇ n we also show that a sneutrino can be
b' we present a spectral analysis of the tev @xmath0-ray source hessj0632 + 057 , a new member of the class of @xmath0-ray binaries .  ⁇ 
b' the orbital tidal perturbations induced by the earth s solid and ocean tides on the nodes of lageos and lageos ii and the perigee of are studied .  ⁇ n the results are used in assessing the level at which the poor knowledge of the earth s solid and , in particular , ocean tides affects the measurement of the s by means of artificial satellites techniques .  ⁇ n the obtained results are used in assessing the level at which the poor knowledge of the earth s solid and , in particular , ocean tides affects the measurement of the s by means of artificial satellites techniques .  ⁇ n pacs numbers : 04.20.db , 04.20.gz , 04.20.ds , 04.20.gz '
b' the inflationary picture provides one elegant mechanism for explaining the origin of tiny _ primordial fluctuations _ , which are unavoidable .  ⁇ n the pattern that inflation predicts for them is in a superb agreement with what is inferred from observations .  ⁇ 
b' we study the chiral - odd generalized parton distributions ( gpds ) in deeply virtual exclusive neutral pion electroproduction .  ⁇ n we show that the helicity amplitudes are derived from the cartesian basis , and their @xmath0 dependence is derived from the pion distribution amplitude .  ⁇ n we also discuss the role of the @xmath1-dependence and the connection to the gpds crossing symmetry properties .  ⁇ n we also discuss the role of the @xmath2-channel spin , parity , charge conjugation and their connection to the gpds crossing symmetry properties . '
b' we present a dynamical @xmath0 method for the dynamical calculation of the kondo effect in a metal .  ⁇ n the method is based on the dynamical @xmath1 method .  ⁇ n the kondo temperature is calculated in the @xmath0 limit , and the kondo temperature is calculated in the physical finite - u case .  ⁇ n the kondo temperature is found to depend on the repulsive coulomb interaction strength @xmath2 .  ⁇ n the kondo temperature is found to be @xmath3 k for @xmath4 .  ⁇ n the kondo temperature is found to be @xmath5 k for @xmath6 .  ⁇ n the kondo temperature is found to be @xmath7 k for @xmath8 .  ⁇ n the kondo temperature is found to be @xmath9 k for @xmath10 .  ⁇ n the kondo temperature is found to be @xmath11 k for @xmat
b' we present a quantitative analysis of the surface elevation of faraday ripples .  ⁇ n the measurements are performed in the framework of a finite difference scheme .  ⁇ n the results are compared with the perturbation analysis of zhang and vinls .  ⁇ n the results are compared with the predictions of a linear theory .  ⁇ 
b' we present theoretical predictions for the distribution of galaxies and mass in the ly@xmath0 forest .  ⁇ n we use hydro - particle - mesh simulations to model the ly@xmath0 forest , and test the predictions of the hydro - particle - mesh simulations with the hpm approximation .  ⁇ 
b' we propose an entangling scheme to entangle two atoms trapped inside an optical cavity .  ⁇ n the scheme uses level shifts and laser fields such that only the target state experiences off - resonant driving .  ⁇ n the target state is reached independently of the initial state of the system after a certain transition time .  ⁇ n the fidelity of the final state reaches one when the detuning of the target state becomes much larger than the relevant laser rabi frequencies and decay rates .  ⁇ n we show that the fidelity of the final state reaches one when the detuning of the target state becomes much larger than the relevant laser rabi frequencies and decay rates .  ⁇ n we also show that the fidelity of the final state reaches one when the detuning of the target state becomes much larger than the relevant laser rabi frequencies and decay rates .  ⁇ n pacs numbers : 03.67.-a , 03.67.mn , 03.67.mn '
b' we study the stationary state of a two dimensional gravitational system of @
b' we have studied single - electron transistors composed of myoglobin , a globular metalloprotein containing a heme group .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate theoretically the photoelectron spectrum of a dissociating diatomic molecule , i.e. a diatomic molecule which is prepared by a laser pulse .  ⁇ n we show that the photoelectron spectrum exhibits a two - centre interference , sometimes called fano interference , which is a result of the unique gerade or ungerade symmetry of the electronic wave function before the photoionization takes place .  ⁇ n we show that if the fano interference is observed in dissociating diatomic molecule at large internuclear separation it may become an important tool for visualizing peculiarities of quantum mechanics related to entanglement and to the nonlocal character of the electron which ( intuitively ) should localize on a single heavy ( 1836.15 times heavier than the electron ) centre , due to localization via coulomb attractive force .  ⁇ n we conclude that the state before the turn - on of the probe pulse should preserve the symmetry of the dissociating state prepared by a pump pulse .  ⁇ n thus in this specific dissoci
b' we present the results of a millimeter - array observing campaign of the volatile composition of comet linear .  ⁇ n we present a weak detection of hcn @xmath0=10 in auto - correlation mode and upper limits on the emission in cross - correlation mode .  ⁇ n we place limits on the spatial extent of the emission , and place limits on the spatial extent of the emission .  ⁇ 
b' we study the stability of bragg solitons ( gss ) in a periodic apodization of a bragg grating ( bg ) .  ⁇ n we show that the apodization can be used to slow down gss , and to split them into a pair of gss .  ⁇ n we also show that the apodization can also be used to slow down gss .  ⁇ n we also show that the apodization can also be used to split gss . '
b' we consider a one - dimensional bose gas with an attractive three - body contact potential and a @xmath0-body contact interaction .  ⁇ n we consider the limit of large number of particles , @xmath1 , and employ an hartree approximation to study the ground state energy .  ⁇ n we show that the ground state energy is estimated by using the bright soliton solution of a generalized mean - field gross - pitaevskii equation .  ⁇ n we also show that the ground state energy is in agreement , in the thermodynamic limit , with the ground state energy obtained by bethe ansatz . '
b' we present a theoretical analysis of the formation of magnetic lenses for cold atoms .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a method to efficiently shape a plane wave into a nonparaxial focused wave by sculping the exit surface of a plano - concave epsilon - near - zero ( enz ) lens .  ⁇ n the method is based on a surface - relief structure spanning the mid - ir , visible and uv spectral bands .  ⁇ 
b' we present a three - dimensional molecular dynamics simulation of the triple junction ( tj ) .  ⁇ n the tj was equilibrated by a tilt @xmath0 boundary and a second grain was placed on the surface .  ⁇ n the tj was modeled by a tilt @xmath1 potential .  ⁇ n the tj was equilibrated by a 2 ns long molecular dynamics run at 1100 k. the tj was equilibrated by a 2 ns long molecular dynamics run at 1100 k. the tj was equilibrated by a 2 ns long molecular dynamics run at 1100 k. the tj was equilibrated by a 2 ns long molecular dynamics run at 1100 k. the tj was equilibrated by a 2 ns long molecular dynamics run at 1100 k. the tj was equilibrated by a 2 ns long mole
b' we present a detailed study of the evolution of a close primordial binary , a sdb , with a white dwarf mass of 1.4 @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the binary is composed of a primordial primary star and a secondary star with a mass of 1.4 @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the final orbital period of the binary is @xmath1 days , and the white dwarf mass is @xmath2 .  ⁇ 
b' we develop a theory of slow light propagation in a bose - einstein condensate ( bec ) under electromagnetically induced transparency ( eit ) conditions .  ⁇ n we show that dispersion is not negligible for microsecond pulses used in slow - light experiments .  ⁇ n however , temporal width of microsecond is the critical width below which dispersion starts to distort the pulse shape .  ⁇ n we show that at a width of @xmath0 , dispersion leads to a small temporal broadening of the pulse .  ⁇ n we also show that at a width of @xmath1 , dispersion leads to a small temporal broadening of the pulse .  ⁇ n our results may contribute to such studies as well as to situations in which bec can have an enhanced nonlinear optical response that might be utilized for dispersion compensation . '
b' we report the discovery of millisecond oscillations in the persistent emission and oscillations in one x - ray burst from the transient source sax j1750.8 - 2900 .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the kinematics of planetary nebulae ( pne ) and globular clusters ( gcs ) in a sample of lenticular ( s0 ) galaxies .  ⁇ n we use a combination of a sdss dr7 and a sdss dr8 spectrograph to obtain a sample of s0s with a median sdss dr7 .  ⁇ n we find that the pne and gcs are systematically more luminous than the pne and gcs , and that the pne and gcs are more luminous than the pne .  ⁇ n the pne and gcs are more luminous than the pne and gcs , and they are more luminous than the pne and gcs .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new method for the calculation of transmission and reflection coefficients of bloch electrons in a periodic superlattice .  ⁇ n the method is based on the band structure and wave function of a periodic superlattice .  ⁇ 
b' we study the nonlocality of two- and three - mode continuous variable systems .  ⁇ n we consider tripartite gaussian states as well as non - gaussian bipartite states .  ⁇ n strong violation of bell inequalities is found , allowing the bell factor to reach values of @xmath0 , while in the second case enhancement of nonlocality is obtained in comparison with the twin - beam case . '
b' we study surfaces in space @xmath0 such that through each point of the surface one can draw two circles fully contained in the surface .  ⁇ n we reduce finding such surfaces to the algebraic problem of finding all pythagorean @xmath1-tuples of polynomials .  ⁇ 
b' we study the effect of majorana fermions on the transport properties of a quantum dot coupled to an @xmath0-wave superconductor .  ⁇ n we show that the presence of majorana fermions can lead to a fractional josephson effect where the supercurrent is @xmath1 periodic in the phase difference between the superconductors .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new method to measure the ly@xmath0 ionization rate in the intergalactic medium ( igm ) .  ⁇ 
b' in this paper , we propose a novel construction of fixed rate non - binary write - once - memory ( wom ) codes .  ⁇ n the target of storage media is modeled by a memory device with restricted state transitions , i.e. , a state of the memory can change to another state according to a given state transition graph .  ⁇ n the model is fairly general and it includes a common model of a memory device with restricted state transitions .  ⁇ n the construction is based on the lattice continuous approximation .  ⁇ n the construction is based on the tiling of the lattice .  ⁇ n the construction is based on the tiling of the lattice .  ⁇ n the construction is based on the tiling of the lattice .  ⁇ n the construction is based on the tiling of the lattice .  ⁇ n the construction is based on the tiling of the lattice .  ⁇ n the construction is based on
b' we study a thermostated harmonic oscillator described by a second order langevin equation .  ⁇ n we search for fluctuation relations ( frs ) for the work done by an external operator and for the heat dissipated by the system .  ⁇ n we present analytical derivations of fts based on experimental observations .  ⁇ n we compare these analytical predictions to the experimental observations and conclude that the experimental results are in good agreement with theoretical predictions . '
b' we study the global stationary coplanar perturbation patterns in a composite system of two fluid scale - free discs without magnetic field .  ⁇ n we construct global stationary perturbation patterns in a composite system of two fluid scale - free discs with a spherical symmetry .  ⁇ n we show that the global stationary perturbation patterns are characterized by two distinct axisymmetric modes : a secularly unstable one with a mass - to - magnetic flux ratio @xmath0 and a dynamically unstable one with @xmath1 .  ⁇ n the secularly unstable mode is characterized by a spherical symmetry , @xmath2 , and a spherical symmetry .  ⁇ n the secularly unstable mode is characterized by a spherical symmetry , @xmath3 , and a spherical symmetry , @xmath4 .  ⁇ n the dynamically unstable mode is characterized by a spherical symmetry , @xmath5 , and 
b' the @xmath0fe and @xmath1fe isotopes were bombarded by a 45-mev @xmath2he beam at the oslo cyclotron laboratory .  ⁇ n the level densities of the low - spin states were measured by the oslo method .  ⁇ n the level densities of the @xmath3 and @xmath4 states were measured .  ⁇ 
b' we present a theoretical framework for describing the dynamics of a network of two optical parametric oscillators ( opos ) coupled in a coherent feedback configuration .  ⁇ 
b' the widespread adoption of decentralized social networks ( dsns ) has led to serious concerns about user privacy , censorship and operational robustness .  ⁇ n while numerous dsn projects have been launched in the past few years , very few of them have managed to proceed beyond the prototyping or paper - publishing stage .  ⁇ n even for the minority early adopters who are determined to move to dsn for enhanced privacy protection and possibly richer functionalities , the ability to perform cross - platform socialization will be critical .  ⁇ n to this end , we propose snsapi , a middleware which enables an end - user to aggregate and stitch together all of his / her online social activities and become a node in a  ⁇  meta social network '' .  ⁇ n we have designed , implemented and released multiple iterations of an open - source middleware called snsapi to support cross - platform socialization .  ⁇ n examples built using snsapi are also presented to demonstrate its flexibility and extensibility .  ⁇ n
b' we construct an extended , capacitive model of dissipative magnetic flux dynamics in mesoscopic rings and cylinders .  ⁇ n the model is based on the quantum smoluchowski equation .  ⁇ n the quantum corrections are of great importance for the existence and properties of self - sustaining currents or magnetic fluxes .  ⁇ n it is shown that in moderate , with respect to the gap at the fermi level , temperatures these quantum corrections are destructive for their existence .  ⁇ n it is not the case at lower temperature : one gets not only the multistability of the probability density but also significant enhancement of the probability of the occurrence of long living states carrying magnetic flux of a certain amplitude .  ⁇ n it is shown that for the system under consideration the passage from the classical smoluchowski regime into the quantum smoluchowski regime is accompanied with decrease of the shannon entropy .  ⁇ n it emphasizes the significance of the multistable ordered state .  ⁇ n it is natural to expect the ring or cylinder to be a candidate for
b' we investigate the effect of a magnetic field on the defect density of type - i superconductors .  ⁇ n we find that the kibble - zurek mechanism is able to reproduce the experimentally observed defect density in type - i superconductors .  ⁇ n we also estimate the effect of a magnetic field on the defect density of type - i superconductors . '
b' we present a computer simulation study of the relation between the root - mean - square bond - angle variation @xmath0 and the root - mean - square bond - angle variation @xmath1 in _ a_-si .  ⁇ n the simulation is based on a large number of 1000-atom , periodic configurations , with structural properties in excellent agreement with experiment .  ⁇ 
b' we study the coalescence of two spinning holes with zero linear momentum .  ⁇ n we present two cases .  ⁇ n _ case i _ , when the two spins are equal and opposite and aligned along the common axis of the two holes .  ⁇ n _ case ii _ , when the two spins are equal and opposite and perpendicular to the common axis of the two holes .  ⁇ n we present calculations and results from the teukolsky formalism only .  ⁇ n we also present results from the zerilli formalism . '
b' we use the angular power spectrum of the maxima-1 experiment to constrain cosmological parameters .  ⁇ n we use the maximum likelihood method to find the most likely values of the cosmological parameters .  ⁇ n we use the 4-year cobe / dmr angular power spectrum to normalize the models at large angular scales .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the relationship between the star formation activity in galaxies and the global properties of a sample of abell 2255 .  ⁇ n we find that the star formation activity in galaxies is strongly correlated with the global properties of the cluster .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new _ hubble space telescope _ ( hst ) imaging of the trapezium cluster in orion .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed analysis of the ejecta plume produced by the deep impact event of comet 9p / tempel 1 ( t1 ) .  ⁇ n we find that the outer part of the di ejecta plume ( high - velocity ejecta ) has a higher color temperature and lower infrared silicate - feature strengths than the inner part of the di ejecta plume ( low - velocity ejecta ) .  ⁇ n we also find that the inner part of the di ejecta plume ( low - velocity ejecta ) has a higher color temperature and lower infrared silicate - feature strengths than the outer part of the di ejecta plume ( high - velocity ejecta ) .  ⁇ n we suggest that the near - surface region of t1 is covered by a pristine crust of submicron - sized silicate grains .  ⁇ n we also discuss the implications of our results for the evolution of a comet nucleus . '
b' we develop a theory of the equilibrium and forced behavior of the random - field ising model in @xmath0 dimensions .  ⁇ n the theory is based on a functional renormalization group ( np - frg ) flow of the cumulants of the renormalized disorder .  ⁇ 
b' the electronic , optical , thermal and electrical properties of the ge@xmath0sb@xmath0te@
b' we present the results of a new , high angular resolution ( r@xmath0 m ) , radio continuum and molecular line observations of the hot molecular cores ( hmcs ) in the sagittarius molecular cloud .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the gluon field contribution to the proton spin .  ⁇ n we use the non - perturbative methods la heisenberg to calculate the gluonic contribution to the proton spin .  ⁇ 
b' we present a simulation of the csma / eca protocol , which is a variant of the csma / eca protocol .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the categorization of 25 introductory mechanics problems by 21 physics graduate students enrolled in a teaching assistant ( ta ) course .  ⁇ n we find that the resistance of graduate students to categorizing problems from a typical introductory physics student is a factor of two .  ⁇ n we suggest that inclusion of such tasks can improve the effectiveness of ta training courses and faculty development workshops and help tas and instructors focus on issues related to teaching and learning . '
b' we present a detailed analysis of the x - ray emission from the field star bp psc .  ⁇ n we find that the x - ray spectrum of bp p
b' we present a theoretical study of the magnetic properties of a fe / cr(001 ) superlattice with a perpendicular magnetic anisotropy @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the system is composed of a ferromagnetic layer with a spacer layer and a ferromagnetic layer with a ferromagnetic layer with a spacer layer .  ⁇ n the ferromagnetic layer is coupled through a spacer layer .  ⁇ n the ferromagnetic layer is modeled as a spherical fe / cr(001 ) superlattice with a tetragonal anisotropy @xmath1 .  ⁇ n the ferromagnetic layer is modeled as a spherical fe / cr(001 ) superlattice with a tetragonal anisotropy @xmath2 .  ⁇ n the ferromagnetic layer is modeled as a spherical fe /
b' we derive the generalized fokker - planck equation for a stochastic process driven by a lvy white noise .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the effects of vector leptons on the higgs di - photon decay rate in the context of the higgs triplet model .  ⁇ n we show that the higgs di - photon rate can be enhanced by as much as 50% , while keeping new particle masses above 100 gev and preserving vacuum stability conditions .  ⁇ n we also investigate the effect of additional vector - like leptons in the model , and show that the higgs di - photon rate can be enhanced by as much as 50% .  ⁇ n we also show that the higgs di - photon rate can be enhanced by as much as 50% , with or without significant mixing in the neutral higgs sector .  ⁇ n lpt - tp-09 - 05 + hep - ph/090909 + hep - ph/090909 + hep - ph/090909 + hep - ph/090909 + hep - ph/090909 + hep 
b' we consider the problem of designing a team of mobile robots for a general graph , in which the vertices correspond to physical and strategically important locations , and in which the edges denote the possibility of moving and communicating between locations .  ⁇ n we assume that , when a robot is placed at each of the graph vertices , the union of the sensor footprints provides complete sensor coverage of the environment .  ⁇ n we consider the performance criteria of a patrolling trajectory , i ) the time gap between any two visits of the same region , called _ refresh time _ , and _ latency _ , which reflect the effectiveness of a patrolling team in detecting events in the environment and in organizing remedial actions .  ⁇ n we focus on the worst case analysis , even though the average refresh time and the average latency cases are also of interest .  ⁇ n we focus on the worst case analysis , even though the average refresh time and the average latency cases are also of interest .  ⁇ n we focus on the worst case analysis , even though the average refresh time and the average
b' the scalar field in turbulent flows is characterized by a small - scale anisotropy .  ⁇ n the scalar field is characterized by a spectral exponent that is a function of the spectral coefficient .  ⁇ n the scalar field is characterized by a spectral index that is a function of the spectral index .  ⁇ n the scalar field is characterized by a spectral index that is a function of the spectral index .  ⁇ n the scalar field is characterized by a spectral index that is a function of the spectral index .  ⁇ n the scalar field is characterized by a spectral index that is a function of the spectral index .  ⁇ n the scalar field is characterized by a spectral index that is a function of the spectral index .  ⁇ n the scalar field is characterized by a spectral index that is a function of the spectral index .
b' we investigate the twin kilohertz quasi - periodic oscillations ( khz qpos ) in four typical neutron star low - mass x - ray binaries ( lmxbs ) , i.e. sco x-1 , sco x-1 and sco x-1 .  ⁇ n the upper khz qpo frequency ( @xmath0 ) and the lower khz qpo frequency ( @xmath1 ) are fitted with a power - law and a linear function , respectively .  ⁇ n the fittings of the power - law and the linear function are compared with the @xmath2-tests .  ⁇ n the results show that the twin khz qpos are well correlated with the ns spin frequency , and the @xmath2-tests are more sensitive to the ns spin frequency .  ⁇ n the @xmath2-tests are also sensitive to the ns spin frequency , and the @xmat
b' we compute the masses and wavefunctions of the excited heavy - light mesons in the chiral quark model .  ⁇ n we use a dirac equation for the light quark in the potential generated by the heavy quark .  ⁇ n we then use these masses and wavefunctions to compute the hadronic decay amplitudes of excited heavy - light mesons .  ⁇ n we compare our results with recent lattice results .  ⁇ n we find @xmath0 , the effective coupling of the quark to the pseudoscalar mesons .  ⁇ n we also compute the pseudoscalar meson hadronic transitions as a function of the chiral quark model effective coupling constant .  ⁇ n comparing our results with recent experimental width measurements we estimate the effective coupling @xmath1 .  ⁇ n we also estimate the effective coupling @xmath2 .  ⁇ n pacs numbers : 12.38.bx , 12.38.bx , 12.38.bx '
b' we study the three - body problem of a one - dimensional bose - fermi system with zero - range interactions .  ⁇ n we use a hamiltonian two - channel model ( htcm ) which encapsulates the feshbach mechanism .  ⁇ 
b' we report the discovery of eight galaxy - scale lenses from the sloan digital sky survey quasar lens search ( sqls ) .  ⁇ n the eight lenses were discovered by early in 2009 , bringing our total sample to 47 .  ⁇ n the sdss - i and sdss - ii quasar catalogs are publicly available in the final data release 7 .  ⁇ 
b' we study the dynamics of non - spherical particles suspended in turbulent flows .  ⁇ n we consider simple shapes ( spheroids and cylinders ) with uniform distribution of mass , and particle sizes within either the dissipative or inertial subrange of turbulence .  ⁇ n we evaluate the effects of turbulence upon rotation , tumbling , and spinning .  ⁇ n we consider simple shapes ( spheroids and cylinders ) with uniform distribution of mass , and particle sizes within either the dissipative or inertial subrange of turbulence .  ⁇ n we consider the effect of turbulence upon rotation , tumbling , and spinning .  ⁇ n we find that tumbling is more important for tumbling than spinning .  ⁇ n we also find that spinning is more important for tumbling , and that tumbling is more important for spinning .  ⁇ n we also find that tumbling is more important for spinning , and that tumbling is more important for spinning .  ⁇ 
b' the level densities of @xmath0 rays and @xmath1y(@xmath2)@xmath1y and @xmath1y(@xmath3)@xmath4y are measured with the oslo cyclotron facility .  ⁇ n the level densities are compared with a simple combinatorial model .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new method for measuring the bulk composition of hydrogen and oxygen within white dwarf atmospheres .  ⁇ n we use a simple model of a white dwarf s atmosphere , a helium white dwarf , and a white dwarf with a helium white dwarf .  ⁇ n we find that the mass of hydrogen in the white dwarf s atmosphere increases with the cooling age of the star .  ⁇ n we also find that the mass of hydrogen in the white dwarf s atmosphere increases with the cooling age of the star .  ⁇ n we discuss the implications of this result for the formation of extrasolar asteroids and planets . '
b' we study the conditional dynamics of a single atom interacting with two orthogonal linear polarization modes of a high - finesse optical cavity .  ⁇ n one mode excites @xmath0 transitions in the atom , and classical driving of this mode introduces energy into the system .  ⁇ n some of this energy , through excitation and decay of the atom , is transferred to the orthogonal mode .  ⁇ n the prepared superposition of @xmath0 ground states is then evolving in a magnetic field until another @xmath0 excitation transfers the developed ground - state coherence to the excited state .  ⁇ n subsequently , detecting a second orthogonal - mode photon projects the atom into its starting state .  ⁇ n the sequence overall realizes the elements of a quantum eraser . '
b' we investigate the effect of decoherence on the entanglement of dirac fields in the relativistic framework .  ⁇ n we show that the entanglement of dirac fields is strongly dependent on the coupling with a noisy environment .  ⁇ n this result is contrary to the case of an isolated system in which the entanglement of dirac fields survives even in the limit of infinite acceleration of rob s frame .  ⁇ n the entanglement rapidly decreases and entanglement sudden death occurs even for zero acceleration .  ⁇ n the entanglement regrow when both qubits are coupled to a noisy environment in the limit of large values of decoherence parameter .  ⁇ n the entanglement disappears , irrespective of the acceleration , under the action of phase damping channel only when the channel is fully decoherred both for single qubit and the two qubits decohering cases .  ⁇ n however , under the action of depolarizing channel an early sudden death occurs for larger acceleration when both qubits are coupled to the environment . '
b' in this paper , we introduce a new matrix format , hec ( hybrid ell and csr ) , for solving lower triangular problems and upper triangular problems .  ⁇ n the hec matrix includes two matrices , an ell matrix and a csr matrix .  ⁇ n the ell part is in column - major order and is designed the way to increase the effective bandwidth of nvidia gpu .  ⁇ n for the csr matrix , each row contains at least one non - zero element .  ⁇ n this design of the csr part reduces the complexity of the solution of triangular systems .  ⁇ n in addition , parallel algorithms for solving the triangular systems are developed .  ⁇ n numerical experiments are performed .  ⁇ n these experiments show that we can speed linear solvers around ten times faster . '
b' we study the density dependence of the particle - size distribution of a system of hard spheres with variable size distribution .  ⁇ n we compare the simulation results for the size distribution with an analytical estimate that is obtained by solving the percus - yevick equation for an @xmath0-component hard - sphere mixture .  ⁇ n the theory breaks down at a surprisingly low density ( @xmath1 ) .  ⁇ n we present a theoretical argument supporting this scenario . '
b' the spectral variability of the large features and spectral lines of the magnetic chemically peculiar star @xmath0 cvn ( hd 112413 , hr 4915 ) has been investigated .  ⁇ n the spectra obtained with a resolution of about 6 have been rebinned to obtain the spectra from high - dispersion images .  ⁇ n the spectra of @xmath0 cvn have been analyzed with the help of the newly extracted spectra ( ines ) data .  ⁇ n the ines have been used to investigate the variations of the fluxes at the cores of the large features and spectral lines .  ⁇ n the ines have been used to investigate the variations of the fluxes at the cores of the large features and spectral lines .  ⁇ n the ines have been used to investigate the variations of the fluxes at the cores of the large features and spectral lines .  ⁇ n the ines have been used to investigate the variations of the fluxes at the cores of the
b' we present a method for optimizing jastrow - slater wave functions in the context of quantum monte carlo calculations .  ⁇ n we apply this method to the electronic structure of diamond and rhombohedral graphite .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the dynamics of discrete breathers in the discrete nonlinear schrdinger equation .  ⁇ n we show that the single - site breathers are linearly stable for all inter - site coupling , and that the single - site breathers are linearly stable for all inter - site coupling .  ⁇ 
b' we study the critical behavior of periodically driven su(2 ) systems .  ⁇ n we show that the floquet spectra of the driven su(2 ) system exhibit a rich variety of fractal features .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the intermittency of solar wind turbulence in the ecliptic plane .  ⁇ n we use _ ulysses _ data for a wide range of radial distances and heliolatitudes .  ⁇ 
b' we study the dynamics of a two - level quantum system driven by strong resonant pulses .  ⁇ n we derive approximate analytical expressions for the quasienergies and floquet states as functions of the driving amplitude for the practically important case where the qubit is biased at its symmetry point .  ⁇ n we then analyze the qubit dynamics induced by a driving pulse , obtained by modulating the amplitude of a periodic signal .  ⁇ n we analyze the qubit dynamics using a representation of its state in the floquet picture .  ⁇ n when the change in the driving strength is slow , the occupation probabilities of the floquet states remain almost constant as long as the driving strength is fixed , but they can change when the pulse envelope varies in time .  ⁇ n the quantum superposition of the floquet states acquires a phase that depends on the evolution of the quasienergies over time .  ⁇ n this acquired phase corresponds to a qubit state rotation , generalizing the notion of rabi oscillations to the case of large driving amplitudes .
b' we present a numerical model of magnetic reconnection in the solar atmosphere .  ⁇ n the model includes a magnetic null point , a spine , and a separatrix surface .  ⁇ 
b' minuit is a well - suited minimization code for many high energy physicists .  ⁇ n it is written in fortran , which is no longer the lingua franca of computing in hep .  ⁇ n it can be awkward to link c++ code with code from a different language .  ⁇ n we have asked a group of hep physicists who work heavily with c++ computation , whether it would be a good idea to produce a c++ object - oriented minimizer with minuit s capabilities .  ⁇ n about 40% reacted positively :  ⁇ it s about time we had this .  ⁇ n other physicists reacted with some variant of  ⁇  are you out of the mind ?  ⁇ n so body must already have done this !  ⁇ n we argue that nobody actually has delivered an adequate stand - alone c++ minimizer with minuit s capabilities .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new semi - analytical model for the assembly of massive galaxies in the early universe .  ⁇ n the model is based on a hierarchical merging scenario , where the merging process is dominated by a dissipative process .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed analysis of the charge - exchange reaction e913/e914 .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new method to determine the period - luminosity ( pl ) and period - luminosity - color ( plc ) relations for classical cepheids , based on the hst key project .  ⁇ 
b' in this paper , an algorithm is presented to compute a time dependent transportation plan for two images , @xmath0 and @xmath1 , in the context of optical flow .  ⁇ n the proposed algorithm is based on a least squares formulation for the optical flow equation .  ⁇ n the convergence of the proposed algorithm is discussed .  ⁇ n it is shown that the solutions obtained with the proposed algorithm are the solutions minimizing the same energy than the time dependent optimal mass transportation problem .  ⁇ n numerical results are presented .  ⁇ n a 2d cardiac medical image is considered .  ⁇ n pacs numbers : 05.45.-a , 05.45.-a , 05.45.-a '
b' the jewel heavy ion generator performs the medium modified jet evolution on dijet events generated by pythia6 .  ⁇ n the background and its subtraction are systematically studied for biases and smearing .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the cross - market correlations between returns of stocks traded on two large but geographically distant markets : new york stock exchange and deutsche brse .  ⁇ n we show that the asymmetric correlation matrices can be used to construct a spanning tree for the eigenvalues and eigenvectors of the ginibre orthogonal ensemble ( ginoe ) .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new method for determining the mean square temperature variation across the plane of the sky .  ⁇ n the method is based on the hst wfpc2 images of the orion nebula .  ⁇ 
b' we report on the results of a recently upgraded experiment at sacla .  ⁇ n the x - ray beam collider was replaced with one with thinner blades .  ⁇ n this yields a higher diffraction efficiency and smaller sizes of the colliding beams .  ⁇ n the beam quality has also been improved with respect to the repetition rate , bandwidth and pulse intensity .  ⁇ n the photon - photon cross section was measured to be @xmath0 ( 95% c.l . ) at @xmath1 .  ⁇ n the upper limit on the cross section of photon - photon scattering is @xmath2 ( 95% c.l . ) at @xmath1 . '
b' we study the occurrence of modulational instabilities ( mi ) in the discrete nonlinear schrdinger equation ( dnlse ) with non - local long - range hoppings and interactions .  ⁇ n we show that the occurrence of mi is characterized by an exponential growth of arbitrarily small fluctuations resulting from the combined effect of dispersion and nonlinearity .  ⁇ 
b' we present a simple hartree - fock theory for a system with a single , two - dimensional electron band , where the fermi level is close to a van hove singularity .  ⁇ n the magnetisation as a function of field , temperature and the band filling is in qualitative agreement with observed properties of the two- and three - layer ruthenates .  ⁇ n we suggest that the general magnetic phase diagram of -layer ruthenates might be understood in terms of band - structure properties . '
b' we study the dynamical instabilities and ensuing dynamics of vortex states with attractive interactions in 3d axisymmetric traps .  ⁇ n we find that the dynamical instabilities depend crucially on the trap geometry .  ⁇ n for a singly - quantized vortex , split - merge cycles can occur in a pancake - shaped trap , whereas the split fragments immediately collapse in a spherical trap .  ⁇ n in a cigar - shaped trap , there is a parameter range in which the vortex can collapse into a single cluster due to the dipole instability .  ⁇ n the doubly - quantized vortex with attractive interactions is always unstable against disintegration of the vortex core .  ⁇ n if the strength of interaction is suddenly changed to within a certain range , the vortex splits into three clusters which undergo split - merge cycles before one or possibly more of them collapse .  ⁇ n if the strength of interaction is suddenly changed to within a certain range , the vortex splits into three clusters which undergo
b' we study the transmission of light through a periodic array of subwavelength holes in a tungsten film .  ⁇ n we show that the transmission spectrum can be better described as a series of fano profiles .  ⁇ n these fano lineshapes result from the interference of non - resonant transfers with resonant transfers which involve the film surface plasmons and evanescent diffraction orders .  ⁇ n we show that the existence of the surface plasmons is a condition for the presence of the fano lineshapes .  ⁇ n we also show that the generic concept of eigenmodes can be associated with wavelengths closer to the peaks or to the dips .  ⁇ n we also show that the transmission curves of metal films can be obtained by substituting surface plasmons with guided modes or other types of polaritons . '
b' we present a study of the uv continuum emission from the central regions of seyfert 2 galaxies .  ⁇ n we have obtained uv spectra for four galaxies , corresponding to the central @xmath0 100 pc .  ⁇ n the spectra show that the uv continuum is dominated by a heavily - reddened starburst .  ⁇ 
b' we study a resonant excitation mechanism of disk oscillations in deformed disks .  ⁇ n the resonant excitation process is characterized by a nonlinear coupling between a disk oscillation and a deformed part of the disk .  ⁇ n the nonlinear coupling is a non - linear feedback process .  ⁇ n the resonant excitation process is characterized by a criterion and growth rate of the resonant oscillations .  ⁇ n the stability criterion and growth rate are derived to the case of pressure - less disks and to the case of disks with pressure .  ⁇ n the results show that the stability criterion derived in the previous papers is unchanged .  ⁇ n the expression for growth rate obtained in the previous papers is changed in a form more suitable to numerical calculations .  ⁇ n the results show that the expression for growth rate obtained in the previous papers is still applicable . '
b' we investigate the spin - orbital model on the square lattice , away from the @xmath0 point .  ⁇ n we use both spin - wave and perturbation methods .  ⁇ n we find that the ground state of the model is a liquid of plaquette @xmath0 singlets .  ⁇ n we also present new evidence in favor of the anisotropic plaquette spin - orbital liquid in the vicinity of the @xmath0 point . '
b' we consider the problem of the cost of simulating a nondeterministic bchi automaton on infinite words by a co - bchi automaton ( ncw ) .  ⁇ n we show that if ncw exists , then every nondeterministic bchi automaton with no more than @xmath0 states can be simulated by a co - bchi automaton with at most @xmath1 states .  ⁇ n we also show that if ncw exists , then there is no co - bchi automaton with @xmath2 states .  ⁇ n we also show that if ncw exists , then there is no co - bchi automaton with @xmath3 states . '
b' in this paper , we investigate the quantile regression approach for partially linear varying coefficient spatial autoregressive models .  ⁇ n we employ b - spline for the approximation of varying coefficients .  ⁇ n due to the presence of endogenous variable , we employ the instrumental variable quantile regression ( ivqr ) method to attenuate the bias .  ⁇ n the focus of this paper is to estimate the conditional quantile curves without any specification of the error distribution .  ⁇ n the main result is that the conditional quantile curves are a good fit to the data .  ⁇ n the results show that the conditional quantile curves are a good fit to the data .  ⁇ n the results also show that the conditional quantile curves are a good fit to the data .  ⁇ n * keywords : * spatial autoregressive model , spatial autoregressive model , instrumental variable quantile regression , b - spline , varying coefficient , varying coefficient , varying coefficient , varying coefficient
b' we study the statistical properties of email networks , where nodes represent email users and links denote messages exchanged between them .  ⁇ n we show that these networks exhibit no upper cutoff in their degree distributions , which are scale free with a small exponent @xmath0 , and degree correlations that may be atypical of other social networks .  ⁇ n we also show that the ease with which messages can be distributed to many recipients is also the root of most opportunistic behavior involving email .  ⁇ n this behavior , which we call generically _ antisocial _ , displays different characteristics from other types of social relations for which social networks have been constructed and analyzed .  ⁇ n moreover , these characteristics reflect a certain type of antisocial behavior that can be quantitatively characterized and contrasted to the general properties of other complex systems . '
b' we present a model for the outbursts of supergiant fast x@xmath0ray transients ( sfxts ) .  ⁇ n the model is based on the clumpy wind model , which is a generalization of the clumpy wind model .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate theoretically the effect of the dipole - dipole interaction on the radiative behavior of atoms .  ⁇ n we consider a system of two hg@xmath0 ions , with macroscopic light and dark periods , and study the effect of the dipole - dipole interaction on the radiative behavior of atoms .  ⁇ n we find that the effect of the dipole - dipole interaction is negligible for distances of the order of ten wave lengths of the strong transition .  ⁇ n the effect of the dipole - dipole interaction is also found to be of comparable magnitude for distances of the above range .  ⁇ n our results are in agreement with the experimentally observed absence of cooperative effects for distances of about 15 wave lengths . '
b' we present a scheme for measurement - based feedback of quantum systems .  ⁇ n the feedback - law is based on a lyapunov function that is a linear combination of a set of martingales corresponding to the open - loop quantum non - demolition measurements .  ⁇ n the parameters of this lyapunov function determine the distance between the target state and the current state .  ⁇ n we prove closed - loop convergence in presence of delays and measurement imperfections .  ⁇ n the results are directly inspired by a recent experiment demonstrating that such a quantum feedback scheme achieves the on - demand preparation and stabilization of non - classical states of a microwave field . '
b' we present a review of the current observational status of the accretion disc of the dwarf nova ip pegasi .  ⁇ n we discuss the current status of the accretion disc , and the possible origins of the disc .  ⁇ n we also discuss the current status of the accretion disc in ip pegasi . '
b' we investigate the shape of 2-d percolation clusters of self - affine models by evaluating their anisotropy parameters .  ⁇ 
"b"" we study the effect of a scalar field on the spectral properties of the scalar field in the spherical harmonic approximation .  ⁇ n we find that the scalar field is a  ⁇  scalar field '' with a spectral index of @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the scalar field is a scalar field with a spectral index of @xmath1 .  ⁇ n the scalar field is a scalar field with a spectral index of @xmath2 .  ⁇ n the scalar field is a scalar field with a spectral index of @xmath3 .  ⁇ n the scalar field is a scalar field with a spectral index of @xmath4 .  ⁇ n the scalar field is a scalar field with a spectral index of @xmath5 .  ⁇ n the scalar field is 
b' the self - adjusted monte carlo algorithm is formulated as a random walk of temperature variable biased by feedback that mixes current and past stochastic signals .  ⁇ n the time integrated signals are used to build up the actions shifting an instant temperature towards the critical temperature value .  ⁇ n the convergence process is necessarily accompanied by uncertainty .  ⁇ n the self - adjusted algorithm is related to cellular automaton models of self - organized criticality ( soc ) .  ⁇ n the applications of mentioned mc dynamics to models of financial markets are presented . '
b' the standard maxwell s equations are overdetermined , i.e. , solutions must satisfy too many constraints without having the necessary degrees of freedom .  ⁇ n the main criticism is that the system is overdetermined , i.e. , solutions must satisfy too many constraints without having the necessary degrees of freedom .  ⁇ n the work of engelhardt shows that there may be different solutions to the same given problem .  ⁇ 
b' cable theory is a powerful tool to describe the extracellular space around neurons .  ⁇ n however , it makes a number of assumptions , one of which is that the medium around neurons can be modeled by a resistance , or in other words , that the medium is resistive or ohmic .  ⁇ 
b' we present a global model of the magnetosphere of a neutron star , in which the magnetic field is curved and the electric current is screened by a cascade of electric fields .  ⁇ n the condition that @
b' we present a new velocity - delay map for the broad - line region ( blr ) of ngc4151 , derived from a high - quality _ international ultraviolet explorer _ ( _ iue _ ) monitoring dataset .  ⁇ 
b' we present an analysis of the _ swift _ x - ray flare of grb 121027a .  ⁇ n the x - ray lightcurve shows a prominent x - ray flare with a peak energy of @xmath0 kev .  ⁇ 
b' the general bohr hamiltonian is applied to the even - even xenon isotopes region .  ⁇ n the quadrupole deformations of the nucleus are described by the interacting boson model .  ⁇ n the quadrupole deformations of the even - even nucleus are described by the rovibrational model .  ⁇ n the quadrupole deformations of the even - even nucleus are described by the interacting boson model .  ⁇ n the quadrupole deformations of the even - even nucleus are described by the interacting boson model .  ⁇ n the quadrupole deformations of the even - even nucleus are described by the interacting boson model .  ⁇ n the quadrupole deformations of the even - even nucleus are described by the interacting boson model .  ⁇ n the quadrupole deformations of the even - even nucleus are described by the interacting boson model .  ⁇ n the qua
b' muse is a giant integral field spectrograph , being commissioned as a second generation vlt instrument starting in 2012 .  ⁇ n it will deliver about 90000 spectra , using 24 slicer integral field units ( ifus ) , each equipped with a 4k@xmath0k ccd .  ⁇ n each exposure has a size of approximately 800 mb .  ⁇ 
b' we present a quantum simulator of ultracold atoms in two dimensions .  ⁇ n we implement a large area 2d trap and project customizable optical potentials generated by spatial light modulators ( slms ) .  ⁇ n the imaging system developed for the slm is designed to produce optical structures with a resolution of 1 @xmath0 m .  ⁇ n the slm is imaged using 532 nm light , which produces a repulsive potential for @xmath1 m .  ⁇ n the combination of both these elements allows us to investigate transport dynamics at large length scales in two dimensions which is not yet addressed by existing ultracold atom experiments .  ⁇ n the ultimate goal of this setup is to move towards a quantum simulator for transport experiments in 2d disordered ultracold atom systems . '
b' we study the size of a collection of simple closed curves on a closed , orientable surface of genus @xmath0 which fill the surface and pairwise intersect at most @xmath1 times .  ⁇ n in particular , we give upper and lower bounds on the minimum numbers of curves in such a collection .  ⁇ 
b' we study the effect of ripples on chemical activity of graphene .  ⁇ n we show that the presence of ripples can lead to a change of the electronic structure of graphene .  ⁇ n we show that the effect of ripples on the chemical activity of graphene is very different from that of hydrogenation .  ⁇ n we propose a method to generate graphene with a desirable type of functionalization manipulating by inhomogeneities of the substrate . '
b' we present a model of electronic phase separation of stripes , based on a tight - binding tight - binding calculation .  ⁇ 
b' we discuss the properties of antiprotonic atoms and low energy scattering .  ⁇ 
b' we use a magnetohydrodynamic ( mhd ) stellar wind model to investigate the impact of stellar activity on the atmosphere of the planet proxima centauri .  ⁇ n we find that the stellar wind is dominated by a coronal mass ejection ( cme ) that is a factor of @xmath0 more likely to occur at the orbit of proxima b than the sun .  ⁇ 
b' we present a model of magnetic reconnection in astrophysical plasmas .  ⁇ 
b' the scalar part of the charge density operator is studied within the generalized coherent state model .  ⁇ n the matrix elements of the operator , truncated at its scalar term , on the unprojected ground state and on the projected @x
b' we study the statistical temperature of a system of parallel point - vortices in a viscous fluid .  ⁇ n the statistical model of the flow is based on the principle of maximum entropy and , therefore , is extended to viscous fluids .  ⁇ n we show that at low reynolds numbers , associated with laminar motion , the temperature is positive , and at high reynolds numbers , associated with turbulent motion , it is negative . at intermediate reynolds numbers , representing the transition range , the temperature changes from positive to negative as the structure size exceeds some critical value , similar to what was discovered by onsager for the system of parallel point - vortices in a inviscid fluid .  ⁇ n we also show that in the range of intermediate reynolds numbers the temperature exhibits a power - law divergence characteristic of second - order phase transitions . '
b' we investigate the detectability of circular polarization in the stochastic gravitational wave background ( sgwb ) by pulsar timing arrays ( ptas ) .  ⁇ n we characterize sgwb by the so called stokes parameter and calculate generalized overlap reduction functions ( orfs ) for circular polarization .  ⁇ n we also discuss a method to separate the intensity ( @xmath0 mode ) and circular polarization ( @xmath1 mode ) of the sgwb .  ⁇ n the results for @xmath2 mode are consistent with the previous work .  ⁇ n we also give a method for separation between the @xmath2 mode .  ⁇ n we also discuss a method for separation between the @xmath2 mode . '
b' we show that the empirical correlation matrices that arise in atmospheric sciences can also be modelled as a random matrix chosen from an appropriate ensemble .  ⁇ n the statistical properties of the eigenvalues of the random matrix are compared with those of the correlation matrices .  ⁇ n the deviations from pure noise assumptions are interpreted as signals or symptom of physical significance .  ⁇ n we show that the random matrix theory prediction for eigenvector distribution has potential application in this direction for atmospheric correlation matrice
b' we present a detailed analysis of the peculiar velocities of the hypervelocity star hd271791 .  ⁇ n the peculiar velocities of the star are @xmath0 and the spectral analysis of the hd271791 atmosphere shows that the fe abundance is enhanced .  ⁇ 
b' we present self - consistent dynamical models of dust shells in agb stars .  ⁇ n the model structures are calculated with the help of amorphous carbon and sic dust .  ⁇ n the resulting spectral appearance is discussed .  ⁇ n the influence of the amorphous carbon data on the model structure is discussed . '
b' we construct a generalized universal cover for a very large class of uniform spaces called coverable spaces , which includes geodesic metric spaces , connected and locally pathwise connected topological spaces , and in particular peano continua .  ⁇ n this covers a class of generalized universal covers , which includes all geodesic metric spaces , connected and locally pathwise connected topological spaces , and in particular peano continua .  ⁇ n the generalized universal cover is a functorial uniform space invariant called the deck group , which is related to the classical fundamental group by a natural homomorphism .  ⁇ n we also consider the case of a compact topological space , which has a unique uniform structure compatible with the topology .  ⁇ n we show that the generalized universal cover is a quotient homomophism with central kernels that are ( complete and ) prodiscrete , i.e. are inverse limits of discrete groups .  ⁇ 
b' we use the trigger efficiency of the pioneer venus orbiter ( pvo ) to correct the number of bursts with pre - detection fluence ( @xmath0 ) .  ⁇ n we find that the corrected number of bursts is consistent with a standard candle luminosity of @xmath1 erg @xmath2 .  ⁇ n we then compare the corrected number of bursts with a -3/2 power law with arbitrary @xmath3-intercept .  ⁇ n we find that the standard candle energy for cosmological gamma - ray bursts is @xmath4 erg @xmath5 .  ⁇ n we discuss the implications of such an energy and the distances implied by the fit . '
b' the partition polynomial @xmath0 is a refinement of the partition numbers : @xmath1 where @xmath2 is the number of partitions of a positive integer @
b' we report on two new tests of local lorentz invariance and cpt , using a two - species @xmath0xe/@xmath1he zeeman maser .  ⁇ n we placed a limit on cpt and lli violation of the neutron of nearly @xmath2 gev , improving by more than a factor of six on the best previous measurement .  ⁇ n we employed atomic hydrogen masers to set an improved clean limit on lli / cpt violation of the proton , at the level of nearly @
b' we study the behavior of a model system of inelastic hard spheres in a cylindrical container .  ⁇ n the system is modeled as a sphere - sphere system .  ⁇ n the spheres collide inelastically with each other and with the side walls .  ⁇ n the particle - particle and particle - wall restitution coefficients are determined by independent experimental measurements .  ⁇ n we show that the model reproduces accurately the experimentally observed density and granular temperature profiles .  ⁇ n moreover , for a range of conditions , a velocity field exists for which there is a net circulation .  ⁇ n the direction and intensity of the circulation are strong functions of the particle - wall restitution coefficient .  ⁇ n in addition , we suggest a modification to the experiment that may generate new convection patterns . '
b' we investigate the effects of stellar blending on the cepheid distance scale by studying the local group spiral galaxies m31 and m33 .  ⁇ n we identify some of the cepheids , discovered by the direct project , on archival _  ⁇ 
b' we report high - field magnetotransport studies on high - quality nd@xmath0ce@xmath1cuo@
b' we present a new , axisymmetric , magnetohydrodynamic simulation of the sun s convection zone .  ⁇ n the simulations are based on a spherical , spherical , and spherical dynamo model .  ⁇ 
b' we present multi - configuration vla h@xmath0i observations of the dwarf irregular galaxy hoii , a member of the m81 group .  ⁇ 
b' we report on the observation of circular inclusions in freely suspended smectic - c films .  ⁇ n the inclusions are placed in a fixed boundary condition , and the director is assumed to be aligned parallel or perpendicular to the film s boundary .  ⁇ 
b' we present a model - independent constraint on the rate of coalescence of supermassive black - hole ( smbh ) binary systems .  ⁇ n we show how to constrain the coalescence rate using two different techniques , one valid when there is a large number of expected sources and the other valid when only a few sources are expected .  ⁇ n we then show the recent and projected rate constraints for various observing systems .  ⁇ n these observationally constrained rates are then compared to the rates implied by local galaxy - merger observations . '
b' we study the quantum nature of quantum phase slips ( qpss ) in homogeneous superconducting nanowires .  ⁇ n we show that the mean value of the switching current keeps increasing with cooling even when the associated dispersion is already saturated .  ⁇ n we observe a linear scaling of the saturation temperature @xmath0 with the critical temperature @xmath1 of the wire .  ⁇ n this behavior is in agreement with our generalization of the macroscopic quantum tunneling theory .  ⁇ n furthermore , we achieve controllable tunability of the wire morphology by utilizing a recently developed voltage pulsation technique .  ⁇ n the qps manifestations are qualitatively different from those of the josephson junction .  ⁇ 
b' we study the color superconducting phase of qcd in the framework of the nambu jona - lasinio model .  ⁇ n we consider the color - asymmetric superconducting phase of qcd with a nonzero baryon density and a nonzero chemical potential .  ⁇ n we show that the color superconducting phase can be formed at a rather moderate baryon density .  ⁇ 
b' the expansion dynamics of a relativistic plasma droplet is studied within the relativistic hydrodynamics .  ⁇ n the expansion dynamics is analyzed in a realistic manner .  ⁇ n the spectral emissivity is calculated for a warm plasma with a temperature in the order of the electron mass and focuses on the onset of the broadening of the 511 kev line when achieving higher temperatures .  ⁇ n the spectral emissivity is calculated for a warm plasma with a temperature in the order of the electron mass and focusses on the onset of the broadening of the 511 kev line when achieving higher temperatures . '
b' we study the problem of distinct distances in the plane , and show that it is equivalent to an incidence problem between points and a certain kind of curves in three dimensions .  ⁇ n we show that sharp upper bounds on the number of distinct distances in the plane translate back to sharp lower bounds on the number of distinct distances .  ⁇ n we also show how to adapt the algebraic machinery of @xcite to derive sharp bounds for the incidence problem .  ⁇ 
b' we report on _ xmm - newton _ observations of the transient 7.8 s x - ray pulsar .  ⁇ n the source was detected in a 2.6 ks observation of 2003 march 27 , and was detected in a 2.6 ks observation of 2003 march 22 .  ⁇ n the x - ray spectrum of the source is consistent with that of a high - mass x - ray binary , with a spectral index of @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the x - ray spectrum of the source is dominated by a power - law with a photon index of @xmath1 .  ⁇ n the x - ray spectrum of the source is consistent with that of a transient anomalous x - ray pulsar .  ⁇ n the x - ray spectrum of the source is consistent with that of a high - mass x - ray binary .  ⁇ n the x - ray spectrum of the source is consistent
b' we present a detailed analysis of the _ integral _ pds data for a sample of blazars .  ⁇ n the pds data are analyzed in the framework of a model of a relativistic jet .  ⁇ n the pds data are compared with the pds data for a sample of fsrqs and bl lac objects .  ⁇ n the pds data are compared with the pds data for a sample of fsrqs .  ⁇ n the pds data are compared with the pds data for a sample of fsrqs .  ⁇ n the pds data are compared with the pds data for a sample of fsrqs .  ⁇ n the pds data are compared with the pds data for a sample of fsrqs .  ⁇ n the pds data are compared with the pds data .  ⁇ n the pds
b' we study the efimov effect in a gas of ultracold atoms , by studying the recombination rate coefficient of the three - body recombination rate .  ⁇ n we show that the recombination rate coefficient is sensitive to the efimov states , and that the efimov effect can be characterized by a resonant feature , a resonance , and a single - particle resonance .  ⁇ n we also discuss the role of the efimov effect in the recombination rate coefficient . ' mississajous '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '
b' i discuss some of the results on momentum spectra and interferometry that have been used in applications of hydrodynamical models .  ⁇ n i first use estimates based on effective slopes of transverse momentum spectra for different particle species and compare them with the results of hydrodynamical parameterizations of neutral pion spectra .  ⁇ n i then turn to the interpretation of pion interferometry results .  ⁇ n the momentum dependence of effective radii extracted from fits to two - particle correlation functions is used to extract information about temperature and flow .  ⁇ n the method to obtain this information is naturally more complicated to interpret the corresponding results .  ⁇ n i demonstrate that some of the recipes established should be critically revisited .  ⁇ n i also discuss the implications of some of the recipes established .  ⁇ n i also discuss the implications of the results for the determination of kinetic freeze - out parameters .  ⁇ 
b' we present the first very long baseline array ( vlba ) detection of the m8.5 dwarf tvlm51346546 .  ⁇ n the vlba reveals a strong , axisymmetric , and stable magnetic field configuration on timescales of hours to years .  ⁇ n the vlba reveals astrometric shifts of a few tenths of a milliarcsecond that may be exerted by a sub - stellar companion with a period of a few hours .  ⁇ n the detection of this object with the vlba suggests that long - term astrometric monitoring could reveal the presence of a planetary - mass companion on a @xmath0 d orbit .  ⁇ n the detection of this object with the vlba suggests that long - term astrometric monitoring could reveal the presence of a planetary - mass companion on a @xmath1 d orbit .  ⁇ n the detection of this object with the vlba suggests that long 
b' we present a detailed study of the mass accretion from circumbinary disks ( cbds ) onto protostellar binaries .  ⁇ n we use a grid - based code to simulate the accretion of cbds onto protostellar binaries .  ⁇ n we find that the mass accretion rate from cbds is a function of the gas temperature , @xmath0 , and the radial extent of the cbds .  ⁇ n the mass accretion rate from cbds is a function of @xmath0 , and the mass accretion rate is a function of @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the mass accretion rate is a function of @xmath0 , and the mass accretion rate is a function of @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the mass accretion rate is a function of @xmath0 , and the mass accretion rate is a function of @xmat
b' the friction of gold nanocrystals sliding on graphite is investigated theoretically through the total potential energy of the contact layer .  ⁇ n the scaling of the friction with the contact area @xmath0 is determined , depending on the orientation .  ⁇ n it is found that for perfect crystals there are three types of ( in)commensurability and consequently three possibilities for the scaling of the friction with the size of the contact area @xmath0 , namely @xmath1 , and @xmath2 .  ⁇ n conditions for each are derived .  ⁇ n these three different scaling behaviors for the friction are a direct consequence of the two - dimensional nature of the contact layer , and are therefore possible in all geometrie
b' we study the thermodynamics of a system of magnetic dipoles on a square lattice with perpendicular anisotropy .  ⁇ 
b' we present a design for a two - qubit gate in silicon based on exchange interaction .  ⁇ n the design allows flexibility in device fabrication and in tuning the exchange coupling .  ⁇ n we show that asymmetric 2p-1p qubits outperform the symmetric 1p-1p system in exchange controllability with detuning gates .  ⁇ n we also show that a ( 1,1 ) to ( 2,0 ) charge transition in both 1p-1p and 2p-1p qubits can be engineered as a function of a lateral electric field .  ⁇ n the exchange coupling can be engineered from a small value in the ( 1,1 ) to ( 2,0 ) charge transition .  ⁇ n we also show that the exchange coupling can be engineered from a small value in the ( 1,1 ) to ( 2,0 ) charge transition as a function of a lateral electric field . '
b' we present new results on the cosmic ray track resolution of a time projection chamber ( tpc ) read out with a resistive anode .  ⁇ n the readout was modified to accommodate either a gem or a micromegas readout .  ⁇ n the resolution measurements made with the resistive readout are compared to our earlier gem - tpc resolution results with a conventional readout and to the expected resolution from transverse diffusion and ionization electron statistics in a gaseous tpc .  ⁇ n the resolution measurements made with the resistive readout are compared to our earlier gem - tpc resolution results with a conventional readout and to the expected resolution from transverse diffusion and ionization electron statistics in a gaseous tpc . '
b' we review some of the basic principles of quantum information and discuss some of the basic elements of quantum mechanics used in quantum computation and quantum information processing .  ⁇ n we also discuss the mathematical representation of a quantum system composed of @xmath0 qubits .  ⁇ n we also briefly explain the theory of measurement in quantum mechanics .  ⁇ n finally , we briefly explain the theory of measurement in quantum mechanics . '
b' we investigate the sensitivity of the @xmath0c(@xmath1o ) reactions to short range correlations , meson - exchange currents and final state interactions .  ⁇ n we use a continuum shell model with an optical potential to take into account the final state interaction .  ⁇ 
b' the design of a jaw material for the phase 2 upgrade of the lhc collimation system is presented .  ⁇ n the design is based on a variety of jaw materials , including metals , poor conductors ( graphite ) and dielectrics ( sic ) .  ⁇ n the transverse impedances of different jaw materials are compared at low frequencies .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the effect of a gravitational field on the dynamical chiral symmetry breaking ( d@
b' i use a toy model of two - body scattering to illustrate how a potential constructed in this way can develop features that reflect the choice of interpolating fields used to define them .  ⁇ n in particular , an admixture of a closed channel can lead to a strong repulsive core in the derived potential that does not correspond to any aspect of the original potentials .  ⁇ n i use the toy model to illustrate issues with interpreting potentials from bethe - salpeter wave functions . '
b' we consider a variant of the dueling bandit problem , in which we offer pairs of items to a user and record implicit feedback on which item is preferred .  ⁇ n we model the user s preferences as related through covariates , and model regret as depending on the utility to the user of the best offered item .  ⁇ n we develop an algorithm _ comparing the best _ ( ctb ) that has excellent performance in terms of regret but whose computational demands grow with the number of arms , and a more computationally tractable variant _ scalable - ctb _ ( sctb ) that could work well in high dimension with a large number of arms .  ⁇ n we then prove that ctb has constant expected cumulative regret , and demonstrate through numerical experiments on simulated and real datasets that they significantly outperform existing algorithms . '
b' we investigate the nucleosynthesis in the candidates of the first generation stars as well as the observed variations of the abundance distributions of extremely metal - poor ( emp ) and very metal - poor ( vmp ) stars .  ⁇ n we adopt the mixing - fallback model for the first generation stars .  ⁇ n we find that the abundances of emp and vmp stars are consistent with the observed trends of the abundance ratios [ x / fe ] .  ⁇ n the sn yields of n , k , sc , ti , co , and mn are consistent with the observed trends of the abundances of vmp stars .  ⁇ n the sn yields of mn and co are consistent with the observed trends of the abundance ratios [ x / fe ] .  ⁇ n the sn yields of mn and co are consistent with the observed trends of the abundances of vmp stars .  ⁇ n the sn yields of mn and co are consistent with the
b' i show that the majority of binary - lens s observed to date in baade s window and toward the lmc and smc , indicate that the large majority of lenses are likely to be binaries .  ⁇ n the use of s to study blending is also elucidated ; the s detected so far indicate that blending is ubiquitous .  ⁇ n the likely location of the lenses , and the likely location of the lenses , are also addressed .  ⁇ n the tests may provide answers to several puzzles presented by the data sets .  ⁇ n the fourth puzzle is of central importance to learning about dark matter through the microlensing observations .  ⁇ n that is : why are the measured values of the optical depth higher than predicted for both the bulge and the lmc ?  ⁇ n that is : why are the measured values of the optical depth higher than predicted for both the bulge and the smc ?  ⁇ n if the lmc lenses are ordinary stellar systems , the reasons for the unexpectedly high values of the optical depth are essentially
b' we present n - body simulations of barred galaxies , in which the gas inflow is initiated by gravitational torques , that are much larger than viscous torques .  ⁇ n we show that the torques between the stellar bar and the gaseous arms also disturb the bar and can destroy it .  ⁇ n we then find that galactic bars are transient , even when the gas infall and the effects of the central mass concentration ( cmc ) are correctly treated and do not destroy the bar themselves .  ⁇ n we then find that galactic bars are transient , even when the gas infall and the effects of the cmc are correctly treated and do not destroy the bar themselves . '
b' we have studied the spin - transfer torque of a magnetic domain wall ( dw ) driven by electric current .  ⁇ n the spin - transfer torque of dw is calculated using the first - principles method .  ⁇ n it is found that the nonadiabatic term of spin - transfer torque ( stt ) is not a good approximation to the adiabatic term .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the phase - dependent dynamics of a closed - loop configuration consisting of four transitions driven by lasers .  ⁇ n one ground state is coupled in a v - type structure to two intermediate states , which are themselves coupled to a common excited state in a @xmath0-type structure .  ⁇ n we show that the steady - state of the @xmath0 scheme , like that of the double-@xmath1 configuration , is a periodic function of the relative phase between the excitation paths , which contribute to the scattering between any initial and final state of the system .  ⁇ n we show that , depending on the relative phase between the excitation paths and on the lifetimes of the intermediate states , the @xmath0 system can show a variety of behaviors including population inversion , coherent population trapping , and phase - dependent refractive indices . '
b' we present a method to measure the excitation phase of microwave excited spin waves in a magnetized film .  ⁇ n the method is based on the difference in initial phases of the two counterpropagating spin waves excited by the same transducer .  ⁇ n we show that the phase symmetry of the excitation process is distorted when the reciprocal backward volume magnetostatic spin wave is excited and is preserved in the case of the non - reciprocal magnetostatic surface spin wave .  ⁇ n the method is applied to the excitation of two counterpropagating spin waves excited by a microstrip transducer placed near the film surfaces .  ⁇ n the results of the experiment are compared with those obtained by the conventional method of spin - wave detection . '
b' we study the nonlinear corrections to the dgp model of gravity .  ⁇ n we show that the perturbative expansion breaks down at a low scale .  ⁇ n this breakdown is a universal property of the perturbative expansion in the massive theory .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new method to measure the proper motion of a gravitational microlensing event .  ⁇ n the proper motion of the source star image centroid is related to the lensing parameters by @xmath0 , where @xmath1 is the lens - source separation , @xmath2 is the lens - source transverse speed , and @xmath3 is the lens - source transverse speed .  ⁇ 
b' we study the possibility that the positron excess observed by pamela can be explained by the decay of dark matter particles .  ⁇ n we show that the positron excess can be explained by the decay of dark matter particles , if the dark matter particle has a mass larger than the first or second generation and decays preferentially into leptons of the first or second generation .  ⁇ n we also show that the positron excess can be explained by the decay of dark matter particles .  ⁇ 
b' we discuss the scenario of light neutralino dark matter in the minimal supersymmetric standard model .  ⁇ n we update our analysis with the latest results of the lhc .  ⁇ n we show that the light neutralino dm scenario that is consistent with the results of dama / libra and cogent comes into disfavour with the latest lhc bounds , especially constraints from the neutral higgs boson search . '
b' we present a new method for determining the demographics of long - period comets .  ⁇ 
b' we discuss the possibilities to characterize _ randomness _ and _ dynamical complexity _ in quantum mechanics and relating this issue to the questions of non - equilibrium statistical mechanics .  ⁇ n we shall try to illustrate , mainly by presenting various numerical examples , a possible  ⁇  cyclist approach ' towards the _ quantum many - body problem _ which is inspired by experiences gained in studies of quantum and classical chaos of one or few particles .  ⁇ 
b' the hippocampal cognitive map of the mammalian brain is based on an internalized neuronal representation of space .  ⁇ n this cognitive map is encoded via timed sequences of electrical discharges of neurons , called place cells , in various parts of the brain .  ⁇ n experimental evidence points out that groups of coactive place cells form functionally interconnected assemblies that together drive their respective  ⁇  read - classifier '' or  ⁇  readout '' neurons in downstream networks .  ⁇ n this suggests that the hippocampal cognitive map is topological in nature a hypothesis that receives an increasing amount of experimental support .  ⁇ n we propose a theoretical model of a transient hippocampal network and use methods of algebraic topology to demonstrate that the topological characteristics of the large - scale spatial representation of the environment encoded by this network can remain stable .  ⁇ n we show that the topological characteristics of the large - scale spatial representation of the environment encoded by this network can remain stable . '
b' the mixing enthalpies of ternary fcc solid solution phases are calculated from first - principles calculations .  ⁇ n the ternary fcc solid solution phases are generated by a calphad approach .  ⁇ n the atomic arrangements of the ternary fcc solid solution phases are characterized in terms of their atomic arrangements to reproduce the pair and multi - site correlation functions of completely random fcc solid solutions .  ⁇ n the ternary fcc solid solution phases are applied to the ca - sr - yb system which presumably has fcc solid solution phases throughout the composition range in all three binaries and ternary .  ⁇ 
b' we study the thermal cracking of surface materials on the surface of comet 67p / churyumov - gerasimenko , a bilobed body with a low geometric visible albedo of 0.069 @xmath0 0.002 .  ⁇ n we use a thermophysical model to study the temperature and the corresponding rates of change over the surface .  ⁇ n we find that the shadowing of the neck by its surrounding terrains increases the erosion rate of the material , thus exposing subsurface ices faster than in other regions .  ⁇ n this could explain the detection of a small amount of water ice in the neck and why it is the region from which most of the early activity originated . '
b' we study the interaction between h - dibaryons in the quark cluster model .  ⁇ n the medium range attraction is taken into account by an effective meson exchange potential between h - dibaryons .  ⁇ n the h - dibaryons are confined by an inter - quark potential and subject to the one - gluon - exchange potential .  ⁇ n the h - dibaryons are confined by an inter - quark potential and subject to the one - gluon - exchange potential .  ⁇ n the medium range attraction is taken into account by an effective meson exchange potential between h - dibaryons .  ⁇ n the h - dibaryons are mainly confined by a square well potential outside the core .  ⁇ n the h - dibaryons are confined by an inter - quark potential and subject to the one - gluon - exchange potential .  ⁇ n the medium range attraction is taken into account by an effective meson exchange potential between 
b' we present a study of the molecular gas around the young cluster westerlund 2 .  ⁇ 
b' in this paper , we have studied the issues in obtaining higher range resolution using dual - demodulator continuous time frequency modulation ( dd - ctfm ) receiver processing .  ⁇ n it is found that there is a problem of phase discontinuity in the output signal .  ⁇ n the phase discontinuity in the concatenated segments from the two channels makes the claim of gough et al @xcite to be incorrect .  ⁇ n the reason for the limitation of dd - ctfm technique is the phase mismatch at the boundaries of the concatenated segments from the two channels in the difference frequency signal in each sweep cycle .  ⁇ n the phase mismatch problem makes the claim of gough et al @xcite to be incorrect which states that we have managed to eliminate the blind time associated with conventional ctfm sonars , thus making the output truly continuous .  ⁇ n this issue was not addressed in @xcite and is explained in this paper .  ⁇ n the issues in obtaining higher range resolution using dd - ctf
b' the development of large - scale wireless networks has opened a new avenue for the development of channel state information ( csi ) .  ⁇ n tx cooperation is a promising approach to mitigate interference , but it requires a significant amount of channel state information ( csi ) at the receivers ( rxs ) .  ⁇ n we propose a strategy for csi dissemination across the network , based on a _  ⁇ n _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
b' we present a detailed study of the thermonuclear explosions of type ia supernovae ( sne ia ) , based on a three - dimensional hydrodynamical simulation .  ⁇ 
b' we present a model of interacting many - agent _ asset exchange _ , in which an agent is a single person or a self - contained economic entity , such as a company .  ⁇ n the macroeconomy is viewed as the result of a large number of asset exchanges between randomly - selected pairs of agents .  ⁇ n we consider an agent as a cash , goods , or other materials that contributes to overall individual wealth .  ⁇ n the macroeconomy is viewed as the result of a large number of asset exchanges between randomly - selected pairs of agents .  ⁇ n the macroeconomy is viewed as the result of a large number of asset exchanges between randomly - selected pairs of agents .  ⁇ n the wealth distribution develops through these exchanges , and we want to understand how generic features of this wealth distribution depend on the nature of the exchanges .  ⁇ n we first study additive exchange processes , in which a fixed amount of asset is exchanged between two agents , independent of their wealth before a trade occurs .  ⁇ 
b' we have studied the effects of supermassive black holes ( smbhs ) on the gas flow inside the inner regions of barred galaxies .  ⁇ n we have assumed that a barred galaxy is made up of three stellar components ( bulge , disk , bar ) and two dark ones ( smbh , halo ) .  ⁇ n we have adopted simple analytic forms for the potential generated by each component .  ⁇ n we have assumed that the bulge , disk , bar , and smbh are assumed to be identical .  ⁇ n we have found that the nuclear regions of gaseous disks evolve to leading spirals between the iilr and oilr , whereas those of the other two models ( m2 , m3 ) develop trailing spirals whose detailed shapes depend on the sound speeds in the gas .  ⁇ n the cold gaseous disk assumed in the model m2 shows ring - like spirals whereas those of m2 and m3 show tightly wound spirals whose inner
b' we investigate the electron spin relaxation due to the dyakonov - perel and elliot - yafet mechanisms in monolayer mos@xmath0 by the kinetic spin block equation approach .  ⁇ n we find that the intra- and inter - valley processes are more important than the intervalley spin relaxation processes .  ⁇ 
b' we establish a number of interesting relationships between the structure of the inverse covariance matrix of a graphical model and the edge structure of the underlying graph .  ⁇ n we show that the inverse of a generalized covariance matrix is always ( block ) graph - structured .  ⁇ n we also establish more general results that apply to arbitrary ( nontree ) graphs , specified in terms of graph triangulations .  ⁇ n these population - level results have a number of corollaries for graph selection methods .  ⁇ n first , for tree - structured graphs , the inverse of a generalized covariance matrix is always ( block ) graph - structured .  ⁇ n second , for binary variables , the inverse of the usual covariance matrix may be used to recover the edge structure of the tree .  ⁇ n we also describe a new method for neighborhood selection in an arbitrary sparse graph , based on linear regression over subsets of variables .  ⁇ n our population - level results imply that minor variants of the 
b' i discuss recent developments in the study of supernovae and grb afterglows .  ⁇ 
b' we present radial - velocity measurements for ten close binary stars observed at the david dunlap observatory .  ⁇ n the data are analyzed in the context of a broadening - function approach .  ⁇ 
b' we present a theoretical study of the optical response and ablation threshold of a femtosecond laser pulse in the intermediate intensity range .  ⁇ n the optical response of a medium is calculated from first - principles simulations .  ⁇ n a multiscale approach using the wave equation and the time - dependent density functional theory is applied to calculate directly the density of the conduction band electrons generated in the optical medium .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a deterministic cellular automaton ( ca ) model , which is a variant of the rule184 ca .  ⁇ n the model shows a phase transition from free to congested state around a density of 25 vehicles@xmath0 km .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a method for optimally preparing high fidelity single photons in waveguides .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the nonexponentiality in article page views .  ⁇ n we use data from scientific reports for articles published after 1 january 2012 and 19 articles published between january and may 2015 .  ⁇ 
b' we present the first measurement of the stellar and gas velocities in the s0 and ring of the polar ring galaxy ngc 4650a .  ⁇ n we find that the s0 and the ring have a similar velocity dispersion , and that the gas velocities are consistent with those of a polar disk galaxy .  ⁇ n the gas velocities are consistent with the polar disk model , and that the gas velocities are consistent with the s0 model .  ⁇ n the gas velocities are consistent with the s0 model , and that the gas velocities are consistent with the s0 model .  ⁇ n the gas velocities are consistent with the s0 model .  ⁇ n the gas velocities are consistent with the s0 model , and the gas velocities are consistent with the s0 model .  ⁇ n the gas velocities are consistent with the s0 model .  ⁇ n the gas velocities are consistent with the s0 model .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the possibility of a complete delocalization of electronic states in a one dimensional disordered lattice .  ⁇ n we show that the spectral continuum of the system can be engineered , and a full band of extended eigenfunctions can be formed .  ⁇ 
b' we consider chiral symmetry breaking in quarkyonic matter .  ⁇ n we consider a phenomenological model for confinement , with the timelike component of the gluon propagator @xmath0 , valid in coulomb gauge , for a spatial momentum @xmath1 , and a chemical potential @xmath2 , where @
b' we study the transport properties of a mobile impurity interacting with a continuum of gapless excitations at a quantum critical point .  ⁇ n we show that the diffusion constant of the impurity as a function of temperature is a function of the temperature , and that the diffusion constant can be measured directly in experiments with quantum - gas microscopes .  ⁇ n we also show that the diffusion constant can be measured directly in experiments with quantum - gas microscopes . '
b' we investigate a trade - off between sharpness and biasedness of measurements for multilevel systems .  ⁇ n we show that the magnitudes of quantum mechanical ( qm ) violations of wigner s form of the leggett - garg inequality ( wlgi ) and condition of no signalling in time ( nsit ) decrease with decreasing precision of measurements .  ⁇ n we also show that the magnitudes of qm violations of wlgi and nsit decrease with decreasing precision of measurements .  ⁇ n + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
b' we prove the finite cyclicity of a two - saddle cycle of a plane analytic vector field @xmath0 , under finite - parameter analytic deformation .  ⁇ 
b' i present a detailed analysis of the ages of stellar clusters in a sample of late - type , face - on spirals .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the lyman @xmath0 line profiles of da white dwarfs .  ⁇ n we use a sample of h - rich da white dwarfs from the _ iue _ spectroscopic survey .  ⁇ 
b' we consider a system of globally pulse coupled oscillators with delayed interactions .  ⁇ n we show that the dynamics reduces after a finite time to a hybrid system with finite dimensions .  ⁇ 
b' we study the asymptotics of large directed graphs with constrained densities of edges and outward directed @xmath0-stars .  ⁇ n we show that , in all our models , graphs have either uniform or bipodal structure as the number of nodes becomes infinite .  ⁇ n when we constrain both edge and @xmath0-star densities , we find both uniform and bipodal structures , with a sharp change at the interface .  ⁇ n this is in contrast with the situation in the exponential random graph model version of the model , in which one finds only uniform structures , albeit with sharp changes along a certain curve in parameter space .  ⁇ n this is in contrast with the situation in the ergm version of the model , in which one finds only uniform structures , albeit with sharp changes along a certain curve in parameter space .  ⁇ 
b' we present a method to constrain the shape of the @xmath0 optical and x - ray luminosity functions ( lfs ) of active galactic nuclei ( agns ) .  ⁇ 
b' we study a simple three - species driven diffusive model with asymmetric exclusion processes on a ring geometry .  ⁇ n the model exhibits phase separation and spontaneous breaking of translational symmetry .  ⁇ 
b' we study the ground state structure of toroidal crystals in two dimensions using the elastic theory of defects in a curved background .  ⁇ n we show that the ground state has excess defect arrays on the exterior of the torus and excess disclination defects on the interior .  ⁇ n the precise number of excess disclinations , as well as their arrangement , is primarily controlled by the aspect ratio of the torus .  ⁇ n since defects are physically distinguished locations they are natural places for biological activity and chemical functionalization .  ⁇ n a thorough understanding of the surface structure of crystalline assemblages could represent a significant step towards a first - principles design of entire libraries of nano and mesoscale components with precisely determined valence . '
b' we analyze booking behavior of millions of online customers .  ⁇ n we analyze the number of bookings made by a subset of yahoo mail users , and find that the number of bookings increases with the number of customers .  ⁇ 
b' the first stars to form in the universe may be dark stars : dark matter powered rather than fusion powered .  ⁇ n we first reported on this work in a paper submitted to the arxiv in april 2007 .  ⁇ n we have addressed many questions that we have raised in the subsequent year .  ⁇ n we have performed followup work over the past year .  ⁇ n we find that the first stars to form in the universe may be  ⁇  dark stars : '
b' bismuth - related centers in cubic halide crystals are studied by computer simulations .  ⁇ n the bismuth substitutional centers , @xmath0 , and dimer centers , @xmath1 , were considered as the main form of bismuth embedding in and .  ⁇ 
b' we study the gravitational collapse of a massive fermionic star in the ads space .  ⁇ n the mass limit of the star corresponds to the minimum amount of injected mass required for the boundary gauge matter to start the thermalization process .  ⁇ n we find that the mass limit of the ads star corresponds to the minimum amount of injected mass required for the boundary gauge matter to start the thermalization process .  ⁇ n the mass limit of the ads star corresponds to the minimum amount of injected mass required for the boundary gauge matter to start the thermalization process .  ⁇ n we also discuss the implications of the mass limit for the gauge theory . '
b' we report the discovery of a substellar companion to the young solar analog pz tel , a member of the @xmath712 myr pic moving group .  ⁇ 
b' i review the status of the field of exact solutions of the einstein equations .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the noncommutative chern - simons theory in the three - dimensional spacetime .  ⁇ n we show that the gauge group generators are in the fundamental representation of the @xmath0 group .  ⁇ n we also show that the gauge superfield is in a special gauge .  ⁇ n we calculate the one - loop quantum corrections to the effective action of the noncommutative chern - simons theory .  ⁇ 
b' we present the luminosity function of the population ii m subdwarfs , derived from a new proper motion survey based upon plates taken as part of the first and second palomar sky surveys .  ⁇ 
b' we study the response of a one - dimensional electron gas to a time - dependent spatially local potential .  ⁇ n we show that the spin - incoherent luttinger liquid ( sill ) is a spin - gapped luttinger liquid if the spin and charge sectors are gapless .  ⁇ 
b' we show that for any logical operator in @xmath0 dimensions there is an equivalent logical operator with weight @xmath1 such that @xmath2 , where @xmath3 is the linear size of the lattice .  ⁇ n this result applies to both local subsystem codes and local commuting projector codes .  ⁇ n we also show that for any two - dimensional local commuting projector code there is an equivalent logical operator with weight @xmath2 such that @xmath3 . '
b' diffractive deep inelastic scattering ( ddis ) is a new class of events characterized by a leading target particle carrying most of the beam momentum and a well separated produced hadronic system .  ⁇ n the ddis process is characterized by a large rapidity gap ( lrg ) void of final state particles .  ⁇ n the lrg void is connected to the hard part of the event and therefore to nonperturbative effects at a long space - time scale .  ⁇ n we present a model for diffractive deep inelastic scattering , based on soft color interaction ( sci ) .  ⁇ n the model is implemented in monte carlo event generators , e.g. lepto for dis .  ⁇ n the hard part of the process is calculated in the framework of perturbative qcd with dglap evolution of the parton showers in the same way as in inclusive dis .  ⁇ n the hard subprocess is then calculated in the framework of perturbative qcd with 
b' we study the effect of decoherence on the interference pattern of a massive particle in a double - slit experiment .  ⁇ n we show that the interference pattern is a consequence of the interplay between the strength of decoherence , the slit separation and the distance the particle travels from the slit to the screen .  ⁇ 
b' we show that transport in nanoscale conductors satisfies the conditions to derive quantum navier - stokes equations .  ⁇ n this is simply due to the geometric constriction experienced by electrons flowing in a nanostructure which gives rise to very fast  ⁇  collisional '' processes .  ⁇ n this is simply due to the geometric constriction experienced by electrons flowing in a nanostructure which gives rise to very fast  ⁇  collisional '' processes .  ⁇ n we show that one can truncate the infinite hierarchy of equations of motion for the electron stress tensor to second order and thus derive quantum hydrodynamic equations .  ⁇ n we predict the conditions for the transition from laminar to turbulent flow in quantum point contacts and suggest specific experiments to verify our predictions . '
b' we report on the experimental realization of a radio - frequency set ( rf - set ) based on the microwave reflection from a tank circuit containing the set .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the polarization squeezing generated by an ensemble of n 4-level atoms interacting in an optical cavity driven by a linearly polarized field .  ⁇ n we show that self - rotation is responsible for polarization switching and saturation leads to tristability .  ⁇ n we derive simple analytical criteria for the existence of elliptically polarized solutions and the stability of the linearly polarized solution .  ⁇ n we also show that both the linearly polarized field mode and the orthogonal vacuum mode are squeezed .  ⁇ n analytical spectra are derived in the low saturation limit and enable a clear discussion of the physical effects responsible for polarization squeezing .  ⁇ n finally , we derive the stokes parameters and relate their fluctuations to those of the vacuum field .  ⁇ n the vacuum squeezing obtained is then equivalent to the squeezing of one stokes parameter , the so - called polarization squeezing . '
b' the zen puzzle garden is a one - player puzzle game involving a buddhist monk raking a sand garden .  ⁇ 
b' collagen - i gels are a major component of tissue .  ⁇ n they are characterized by a large stretching modulus and a small bending modulus .  ⁇ n the existence of such a bending - to - stretching crossover is controlled by the physics of the central - force isostatic point ( cfip ) .  ⁇ 
b' we study the static and spherically symmetric solutions of the einstein equations for a galactic dark matter halo with the existence of the supermassive black hole at its center and the background of the spatially inhomogeneous phantom field .  ⁇ n we find that an approximate solution exists for describing this galactic halo scenario when we take the metric functions to be satisfied with @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we also obtain the approximate solution for the spatially inhomogeneous phantom field in a galaxy .  ⁇ n our result indicates that the corresponding exponential potential of the phantom field is relevant to the stage of structure formation .  ⁇ n we further study the stability of the space - time structure for the galaxy .  ⁇ n we also study the stability of the space - time structure .  ⁇ n we also study the stability of the space - time structure for the galaxy .  ⁇ n we find that the phantom field can cause the quantum instability of the vacuum at high frequencies , i.e. , we add a
b' we consider an open system , described by a master equation , exchanging matter and energy with multiple reservoirs .  ⁇ n there are three mechanisms for bringing such a system out of equilibrium : preparing it in a nonequilibrium state , externally driving it , or putting it in contact with multiple reservoirs at different temperatures or chemical potential
b' we present a new , deep , near - infrared study of the star formation history of a sample of 92 galaxies at @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the sample consists of a sample of 92 galaxies with @xmath1 , and a sample of 92 galaxies with @xmath2 .  ⁇ 
b' we study the phase mixing of alfvn waves in a cold plasma with a smooth inhomogeneity of density across a background magnetic field .  ⁇ n we show that the amplitude of alfvn waves decays with time as @xmath0 , where @xmath1 is a function of the coordinate corresponding to the inhomogeneous direction .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the early phase of a differentially rotating neutron star ( bns ) merger remnant by fully general - relativistic magnetohydrodynamic simulations .  ⁇ n we find that the bns merger remnant is characterized by a high degree of differential rotation and thus substantial magnetic field rearrangement and amplification .  ⁇ n this leads us to investigate the early phase of a differentially rotating bns merger remnant by fully general - relativistic magnetohydrodynamic simulations .  ⁇ n we find that the early phase of a differentially rotating bns merger remnant is characterized by a high degree of differential rotation and thus substantial magnetic field rearrangement and amplification .  ⁇ n we also find that the early phase of a differentially rotating bns merger remnant is characterized by a high degree of differential rotation and thus substantial magnetic field rearrangement and amplification .  ⁇ n we also find that the early phase of a differentially rotating bns merger remnant is characterized by a high degree of differential rotation and thus substantial magnetic field rearrangement and
b' we propose an exact recursive algorithm for maximum a - posteriori probability decoding on tail - biting trellises .  ⁇ n the algorithm is based on the @xmath0 algorithm and is able to perform a computation equivalent to at most two rounds on the tail - biting trellis .  ⁇ n we also propose two approximate variants that always converge , and observe their performance on tail - biting trellises for the ( 12,12 ) extended golay code and two convolutional codes of rate 1/2 and memory of 4 and 6 respectively .  ⁇ n the performance of the first approximate variant is indistinguishable from that of the exact algorithm in terms of bit error rate for the two convolutional codes , and it is guaranteed to update each node in the tail - biting trellis at most twice i.e it performs a computation equivalent to at most two rounds on the trellis .  ⁇ n simulations on an awgn channel show that the performance of the first approximate variant is indistinguishable from that
b' the effect of hall current on the free - convective flow and mass transfer of a viscous , incompressible and electrically conducting fluid over a stretching sheet is investigated .  ⁇ n the boundary layer equations are transformed by a similarity transformation into a system of non - linear ordinary differential equations .  ⁇ n the hall effects on the free - convective flow and mass transfer are investigated .  ⁇ 
b' the spectroscopic event of @
b' we present a general formalism to study the dynamics of quantum systems coupled to random fields .  ⁇ n the formalism is formulated in configuration space and can be extended to any representation or to spin systems .  ⁇ n the method is applicable to a wide variety of situations ranging from quantum computing to quantum chemistry .  ⁇ n we discuss the case where the random field has a gaussian noise and for certain probability distributions , the random fields can be integrated out exactly .  ⁇ n the fluctuations due to the random fields allow the definition of various types of averages where the combined role of the fluctuations and dissipation can be investigated simultaneously .  ⁇ n the time evolution of the quantum state amplitude allows the identification of an effective non - hermitian hamiltonian with negative imaginary part , ensuring that , for sufficiently large time , the wave function vanishes independently of the initial condition .  ⁇ n the original hamiltonian is recovered in the limit of vanishing noise .  ⁇ n the original hamiltonian is recovered in the limit of vanishing noise .
b' we theoretically study the spin - orbit locking effect of a twisted light beam on the surface of a topological insulator .  ⁇ n we show that the spin - orbit locking effect is a consequence of the spin - orbit locking .  ⁇ n we also show that the spin - orbit locking effect is a consequence of the spin - orbit locking effect . '
b' we investigate the effect of the almeida - thouless stability on the overlap between the original and estimated messages in the first state of a cascading sourlas code .  ⁇ n we find that the overlap between the original and estimated messages in the first state can be increased below the at - transition , which in turn improves the chance of being within the basin of attraction for good decoding once we introduce higher body interactions .  ⁇ n we also show that the first step of replica symmetry breaking ( 1rsb ) approach leads to higher values of the magnetisation .  ⁇ n we also show that the first step of replica symmetry breaking ( 1rsb ) approach leads to higher values of the magnetisation .  ⁇ n we also show that the 1rsb approach leads to higher values of the magnetisation .  ⁇ 
b' we suggest a scalar - tensor model of @xmath0-gravity .  ⁇ n the model is formulated in einstein s frame and the constant curvature solutions of equations of motion are obtained .  ⁇ n the potential of the scalar field and the mass of a scalaron are derived and the plots of the functions @xmath1 , @xmath1 , and @xmath1 are derived for different values of the parameter @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the potential of the scalar field and the mass of a scalaron are derived and the plots of the functions @xmath1 , @xmath1 , and @xmath1 are compared with the experimental data .  ⁇ n the model passes cosmological tests . '
b' this paper gives a novel characterization of comtraces using labeled stratified order structures .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the properties of hcn , hco@xmath0 , and cs in the hcn(j=1 - 0 ) line of the hcn(j=1 - 0 ) line of the hcn(j=1 - 0 ) line of the hcn(j=1 - 0 ) line of the hcn(j=1 - 0 ) line of the hcn(j=1 - 0 ) line of the hcn(j=1 - 0 ) line of the hcn(j=1 - 0 ) line of the hcn(j=1 - 0 ) line of the hcn(j=1 - 0 ) line of the hcn(j=1 - 0 ) line of the hcn(j=1 - 0 ) line of the hcn(j=1 - 0 ) line of
b' the marginalization paradox ( mp ) is an apparent inconsistency in bayesian inference that can arise from the use of improper priors .  ⁇ n it is important to objective bayes because the  ⁇  noninformative '' priors required by the theory are typically improper .  ⁇ n recently , i have shown that the mp can be resolved if probability limits , rather than formal posteriors , are used to define improper inferences .  ⁇ n it is shown , by contrast , that the differences between jaynes and dsz are based on a single assumption , which might at first appear as a mere technicality .  ⁇ n this assumption is the type of limit used to define the improper inference .  ⁇ n we then make the case that the limit process used to define the improper inference is unsound .  ⁇ n our analysis relies heavily on the ideas of mervyn stone , who first introduced the notion of probability limit , and has long maintained that the paradoxes associated with formal posteriors are due to the inadequacy of
b' we present a long - slit spectroscopy of the herbig ae / be star elias 1 .  ⁇ 
b' the progenitor problem of symbiotic stars is a long - standing problem .  ⁇ n it is widely accepted that symbiotic stars are produced by thermonuclear disruptions of carbon - oxygen white dwarfs ( wds ) .  ⁇ n the following two principal channels for the formation of sneia : 1 ) single degenerate ( sd ) channel : a wd accretes mass from a non - degenerate companion star , reaches the chandrasekhar s limiting mass and explodes .  ⁇ n 2 ) double degenerate ( dd ) channel : two wds merge to form a single wd achieving the chandrasekhar s limiting mass .  ⁇ n this pathway received a major boost following the discovery of the supersoft x - ray sources ( ssss ) .  ⁇ n an interesting avenue was presented by soker ( this volume ) .  ⁇ n this 
b' we study the instantaneous gluon propagator in the coulomb gauge .  ⁇ 
b' the spectral energy distribution of blazars is analyzed , with the aim of determining the kinetic power of the jets .  ⁇ n the results are compared with the results obtained from the hard x ray energy band of a large number of blazars .  ⁇ 
b' the coherent potential approximation ( cpa ) is applied to study the low - energy behaviour of the density of states and the dynamical structure factor of vector vibrations in disordered lattices with force - constant disorder .  ⁇ n the cpa equations are solved analytically in limiting cases and numerically through the whole energy range .  ⁇ n the spectral densities and the scattering properties of external plane - wave vibrational excitations are investigated .  ⁇ n the phase diagram for vector vibrations in the representative f.c.c .  ⁇ n lattice is presented , showing the ranges of weak- and strong - scattering regimes for different degrees of disorder .  ⁇ n the importance of sum - rule correlations in the dynamical matrix for scattering properties of external plane waves is demonstrated .  ⁇ n the results are supported by precise numerical solutions for the same model , which demonstrate the very good performance of the cpa approach , both for the density of states and the spectral density in a plane - wave basis ,
b' we study the metal insulator transitions ( mit s ) in the hubbard model with the nearest - neighbor hopping @xmath0 and next - nearest - neighbor hopping @xmath1 .  ⁇ n we show that the spin - spiral state is stabilized in a wide concentration region between paramagnetic metal and antiferromagnetic insulator in the square lattice .  ⁇ n the ground state energy obtained is in a good agreement with the quantum monte carlo and exact diagonalization calculations .  ⁇ n we also show that the spin - spiral state is stabilized in a wide concentration region .  ⁇ n the spin - spiral state is stabilized in a wide concentration region .  ⁇ n the spin - spiral state is stabilized in a wide concentration region .  ⁇ n the spin - spiral state is stabilized in a wide concentration region .  ⁇ n the spin - spiral state is stabilized in a wide concentration region .  ⁇ n the spin - spiral state is stabilized in a wide concentration region .  ⁇ 
b' peptide nucleic acid ( pna ) is a synthetic oligonucleotide with a backbone that recapitulates dna s inter - nucleobase distances .  ⁇ n pnas have attracted interest in molecular biology and numerous applications have been reported .  ⁇ 
b' we present the first results of a deep survey of the super star cluster ngc2070 , obtained with the wide field camera 3 on the hubble space telescope .  ⁇ n the survey covers a wide field encompassing most of the central part of the cluster .  ⁇ n the wfc3 reveals a total of 58 stars with a mean magnitude of @xmath0 .  ⁇ 
b' we give two new representations for the zeros of a system of two bivariate polynomials of degree @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the first one uses the tree structure of monomials in @xmath1 .  ⁇ n the second one uses the scalar bivariate polynomials of degree @xmath2 .  ⁇ n the resulting matrices are smaller than those of @xcite , with the same asymptotic order .  ⁇ n the second representation is even more condensed , with asymptotic order @xmath2 , and can be applied to scalar bivariate polynomials .  ⁇ n the latter representation can be used for bivariate polynomials as well as for polynomial multiparameter eigenvalue problems . '
b' we investigate the damping oscillations of coronal loops in the presence of magnetic twist and density stratification .  ⁇ n we find that the damping oscillations of the transverse kink mode in the loops are dominated by the resonant absorption of the magnetic field lines .  ⁇ n the damping oscillations of the transverse kink mode are dominated by the resonant absorption of the magnetic field lines .  ⁇ n the damping oscillations of the transverse kink mode are dominated by the resonant absorption of the magnetic field lines .  ⁇ n the damping oscillations of the transverse kink mode are dominated by the resonant absorption of the magnetic field lines .  ⁇ n the damping oscillations of the transverse kink mode are dominated by the resonant absorption of the magnetic field lines .  ⁇ n the damping oscillations of the transverse kink mode are dominated by the resonant absorption of the magnetic field lines .  ⁇ 
b' we study the statistical mechanics of two directed polymers interacting via a repulsive dirac @xmath0function potential .  ⁇ n we show that the average degree of entanglement of the system can be computed exactly , even if the repulsive interactions are not switched off .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the polarization properties of a sample of quasars , broad - line radio galaxies , and seyfert 1 galaxie
b' we propose a protocol for estimating the parameters of a spin singlet , based on stimulated parametric down - conversion .  ⁇ 
b' the nd280 near detector is a new detector for the t2k phase ii experiment .  ⁇ 
b' the large area telescope ( lat ) is the high - energy gamma - ray detector onboard the gamma - ray large area space telescope ( glast ) satellite to be launched in 2007 .  ⁇ n it consists of 16 towers , each of which has a set of high - z foil and si strip pair conversion trackers ( tkr ) and a csi(tl ) hodoscopic calorimeter ( cal ) .  ⁇ n the tkr is surrounded on the top and sides by a set of plastic scintillator anticoincidence detectors ( acd ) .  ⁇ n the tkr is surrounded on the top and sides by a set of hodoscopic calorimeters ( cal ) .  ⁇ n the tkr is surrounded on the top and sides by a set of plastic scintillator anticoincidence detectors ( acd ) .  ⁇ n the tkr is
b' in this paper , we propose a system decomposition with respect to inputs for boolean control networks ( bcns ) .  ⁇ n the decomposition is just the controllable normal form proposed by cheng , li and qi ( 2010 ) under the regularity assumption on the largest uncontrollable subspace .  ⁇ n moreover , a graphical condition and a constructive algorithm for the decomposition with respect to inputs are presented .  ⁇ n the results show that the decomposition can be realized without the regularity assumption on the largest uncontrollable subspace .  ⁇ n moreover , the decomposition with respect to inputs can be realized without the regularity assumption on the largest uncontrollable subspace .  ⁇ n moreover , the decomposition with respect to inputs can be realized without the regularity assumption on the largest uncontrollable subspace .  ⁇ n boolean control networks , controllability , observability , kalman decomposition , state space '
b' we report a nontrivial black hole solution of a massive but self interacting conformal scalar field in the vicinity of a black hole with regular horizon .  ⁇ 
b' this paper presents a memetic algorithm for the minimum sum coloring problem ( masc ) .  ⁇ n masc is based on a double - neighborhood tabu search procedure and a multi - parent crossover operator .  ⁇ n masc is a variant of the classic graph coloring problem , which is a variant of the np - hard minimum sum coloring problem .  ⁇ n we evaluate the performance of masc on 77 well - known graphs from dimacs and color 2002 - 2004 graph coloring competitions .  ⁇ n the computational results show that masc can frequently match the best known results in the literature for most of the 59 cases .  ⁇ n in particular , it improves the previous best solution for 17 graphs for which an upper bound is known .  ⁇ n for the additional 18 new graphs , we report computational results for the first time . '
b' we present a detailed analysis of the extinction of the galaxy pair ugc 5041 , based on a b - band image of the background galaxy .  ⁇ 
b' we present the generation of single - band point source catalogues from scan - map observations at 250 , 350 and 500@
b' in this paper , we propose a new normalized volume formula for the hyperball in complex grassmann manifold .  ⁇ n the normalized volume formula is based on the eigenspace of the wireless channel matrix and is applicable to multi - user multiple - input multiple - output ( mu - mmo ) wireless communication .  ⁇ n the normalized volume formula is derived by using the eigenspace of the wireless channel matrix .  ⁇ 
b' we study the evolution of the universe in the framework of a warped braneworld model .  ⁇ n we consider the effect of an induced gravity term on the brane .  ⁇ n we show that the brane evolution is governed by a scalar field with a scalar field whose origin is in the theory of superstrings .  ⁇ n we also consider the effect of a scalar field on the brane .  ⁇ n we find that the brane evolution is governed by a scalar field with a scalar field with a scalar field .  ⁇ n we find that the brane evolution is governed by a scalar field with a scalar field with a scalar field with a scalar field with a scalar field with a scalar field with a scalar field with a scalar field with a scalar field with a scalar field with a scalar field with 
b' we present a new set of synthetic agb models , which are based on the renzini & voli ( 1981 ) complete stellar calculations .  ⁇ n the main ingredients of the model are the occurrence of mass - loss and dredge - up episodes , and the occurrence of surface chemical pollution .  ⁇ n the main features of the model are the agb - rgb phase , the onset of mass loss and the occurrence of surface chemical pollution .  ⁇ n the main features of the model are the occurrence of a thermal pulse ( the tp - agb phase ) , and the occurrence of a thermal pulse ( the tp - agb phase ) .  ⁇ 
b' we apply a statistical method to estimate the completeness of quasar surveys .  ⁇ n it requires that an area of sky has been covered by two or more , preferably different , selection techniques .  ⁇ n the total population of quasars is estimated using the derenzo & hildebrand method .  ⁇ n the total population is estimated using the method devised by @xcite for estimating scanning efficiencies in the detection of events in particle physics .  ⁇ n the total population is estimated using the derenzo & hildebrand method .  ⁇ n the total population is estimated using the method devised by @xcite for estimating scanning efficiencies in the detection of events in particle physics .  ⁇ n the total population is estimated using the method devised by @xcite for estimating scanning efficiencies in the detection of events in particle physics .  ⁇ n the total population is estimated using the method devised by harwit & hildebrand ( 1986 ) .  ⁇ n the total number of objects in the parent population is recovered .
b' we present a shortcut to the calculation of stochastic background of gravitational waves ( gws ) .  ⁇ n it is not necessary to know in detail the energy flux of the gws produced in a given burst event .  ⁇ n if the characteristic values for the dimensionless amplitude and frequency are known and the event rate is given it is possible to calculate the stochastic background of gws produced by an ensemble of sources of the same kind .  ⁇ n we apply this idea to the calculation of a stochastic background of gws produced by a cosmological population of black holes . '
b' in this paper , we develop an eulerian approach to the flow map computation for the finite time lyapunov exponent ( ftle ) .  ⁇ n we first improve the numerical algorithm for _ forward _ flow map construction .  ⁇ 
b' we study the phenomenology of the minimal supersymmetric extension with a continuous @xmath0 symmetry .  ⁇ n we compute the vertex corrections to the @xmath1 vertex and find that the result is within @xmath2 of the experimental value .  ⁇ n we also discuss additional constraints that place a lower bound on the mass of the lighter top squark .  ⁇ n future experiments at fnal and lep should be capable of confirming orexcluding the mr model . '
b' we present a new scheme for the implementation of orthogonal space - time block codes ( ostbc ) in a multiple - input - single - output ( mimo ) system .  ⁇ 
b' we study the spectral properties of the periodogram of a linear process with heavy - tailed innovations .  ⁇ 
b' the maxwell equations are a generalization of the maxwell equations .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the possible existence of a correlation between the direction of the linear optical polarization ( @xmath0 ) and the orientation of the major axis ( @xmath1 ) of the host galaxy / extended emission surrounding rq and rl quasars .  ⁇ n we find that the type1 quasars tend to have their ee preferentially aligned with the polarization direction , while the type2 quasars tend to have their ee preferentially aligned with the polarization direction .  ⁇ n this behavior seems to be independent of the radio - loudness .  ⁇ n moreover , the observed alignment effect seems to be independent of the radio - loudness .  ⁇ n we propose a two - component scattering model for the alignment effect , in which an equatorial scattering region located inside the dusty torus produces a polarization aligned with the torus symmetry axis .  ⁇ n the resulting polarization , the sum of the polar and 
b' we present a high resolution , very high @xmath0 spectrum of the metal - poor halo star ( ) obtained during the commissioning of uves on the eso vlt / kueyen telescope .  ⁇ n the spectrum is analyzed using both 1d and 3d hydrodynamical model atmospheres .  ⁇ n we find that the li isotope ratio is about the same , i.e. @xmath1[6] ⁇ li ⁇ / ⁇ element[][7] ⁇ li ⁇ simeq 0.06 $ ] .  ⁇ n the li isotope ratio is about the same , i.e. @xmath3[6] ⁇ li ⁇ / ⁇ element[] ⁇ simeq 0.06 $ ] .  ⁇ n the li isotope ratio is about the same , i.e. @xmath3[6] ⁇ li ⁇ / ⁇ element[][7] ⁇ li ⁇ simeq 0.06 $ ]
b' we study the decoherence dynamics of a two level system coupled to a non - perturbative bath of harmonic oscillators .  ⁇ n we derive the corresponding pointer states which are shown to form an overcomplete , exponentially localized set of basis states .  ⁇ n we prove decoherence to these states using the orthogonal unraveling of the master equation .  ⁇ n this stochastic process on the one hand provides the statistical weights of the pointer basis , and on the other hand represents an efficient way of solving master equations which exhibit pointer states .  ⁇ n moreover , it explains the emergence of classical hamiltonian dynamics .  ⁇ n we also provide a more detailed explanation of the proofs and derivations . '
b' the time dependence of entanglement of initially disentangled few - photon states in the two - mode jaynes - cummings model is studied .  ⁇ n the absorption and re - emission of photons with different polarizations is assumed to be completely independent .  ⁇ n the time dependence of the von neumann entropy of the single - particle density matrix @xmath0 is calculated .  ⁇ n it is shown that due to the complex character of the photons states the interaction with the atom leads to entangling states with different polarizations with non - trivial time dependence of @
b' we present observations of a solar quiet region and some of the properties of several fine structures residing at the network boundaries .  ⁇ 
b' we study the stellar structure and temporal evolution of charged relativistic fluid spheres , independently on the mechanism by which the matter acquires large amounts of electric charge .  ⁇ n the equations of hydrostatic equilibrium and the relativistic equations for the temporal evolution of charged spheres are derived in a form closer to that obtained by may and white .  ⁇ n the formalism is well suited for performing a finite difference scheme , and allows a direct implementation of very well known numerical techniques .  ⁇ n the formalism is compatible with the bekenstein equations , and with the misner and sharp - israel equations .  ⁇ n the formalism is also compatible with the bekenstein equations , and with the misner and sharp - israel equations .  ⁇ n the formalism is also compatible with the bekenstein equations , and with the misner and sharp - israel equations .  ⁇ n the formalism is also compatible with the bekenstein equations , and with the misner and sharp - israel equations .  ⁇ n the formalism is
b' we present a relativistic light front approach to nuclear deep inelastic scattering .  ⁇ n the light front approach is based on a lagrangian which contains pions , vector and scalar mesons , and which preserves the constraints of chiral symmetry .  ⁇ 
b' we study the cp - odd asymmetries of the u(1 ) and su(3 ) gaugino mass parameters @xmath0 and the trilinear scalar coupling parameters of the third generation sfermions .  ⁇ n we show that the asymmetries are large and of the order of @xmath1 to @xmath3 .  ⁇ n we also study the asymmetries of the normal tau polarization , and show that the asymmetries are large and of the order of @xmath4 . '
b' we estimate the detection rate of short gamma - ray bursts ( sgrbs ) , based on the most recent observations .  ⁇ 
b' we study the evolution of a field in the intensity - dependent jaynes - cummings model .  ⁇ n we show that the model presents a purification procedure , i.e. , the transformation of a statistical mixture of two coherent states into a quantum superposition of coherent states .  ⁇ n we also show that the evolution of the field at that first revival time becomes a rotated odd - coherent state . '
b' we show that quantum and classical stochastic electrodynamics share their macroscopic dynamical structure .  ⁇ n more specifically , all relations for generalised phase - space quasi - distributions lack planck s constant and , _ ipso facto _ , coincide with the corresponding relations of the classical stochastic electrodynamics for probability distributions .  ⁇ n this lack of planck s constant is exactly the aforementioned mathematical pattern .  ⁇ 
b' we present high resolution numerical simulations of the formation of pillar - shaped nebulae in the molecular interstellar medium ( ism ) .  ⁇ n we simulate a box of gas with sides @xmath0pc long and a mean number density of @
b' we present the results of a kinematical study of the vertical structure of the galactic thick disk .  ⁇ n the sample of red giants is a volume - complete sample , covering a large range of galactic heights , from the plane to @xmath0 kpc , and is volume - complete up to @xmath1 kpc .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the equilibration properties of an open quantum system , i.e. , the open system equilibrates if its time evolved state ( also called reduced state ) approaches some equilibrium state and spends most of the time close to it .  ⁇ n we show that the equilibrium state of the open system is modified when one resets the system - environment correlations , together with small changes in the environmental state , to their initial value .  ⁇ n the interaction induced correlations thus play a role which is in a sense opposite to that of the entanglement in the energy eigenbasis .  ⁇ n the interaction induced correlations can prevent the thermalization : strong system - environment correlations and changes in the environmental state allow to distinguish between equilibrium states corresponding to different initial states .  ⁇ n the information about the initial state of the reduced system , transferred to the environment through the establishment of correlations , does influence the equilibrium state .  ⁇ n the quantitative characterization of information trapping is given in terms of trace distance , which measures the distinguishability between equilibrium states corresponding
b' we present a new approach to the theory of dispersion in a crystalline solid , based on the theory of distributions of electric dipole moment .  ⁇ 
b' we study the effect of the interchain coupling on the electronic properties of a half - filled quasi - one - dimensional hubbard model .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the sensitivity of a double fabry - perot cavity pumped through two partially transparent mirrors .  ⁇ n the cavity is pumped through both of its movable mirrors .  ⁇ n the sensitivity of the cavity is reduced by a factor of @xmath0 compared with the conventional interferometers .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the control of traffic - driven epidemic spreading by an efficient routing protocol .  ⁇ n we show that the optimal routing protocol can be used to control the epidemic spreading on scale - free networks .  ⁇ n our preliminary results have shown that there exists an optimal value of the power exponent , leading to the maximal epidemic threshold . '
b' we estimate the lowest vibrational frequencies of a spherical virus particle .  ⁇ n the simplest estimate is to take this frequency to be of the order of a characteristic speed of sound divided by the size of the virus particle .  ⁇ n we examine two models , which treat the particle as a liquid drop and as a uniform elastic sphere .  ⁇ 
b' we study the probability of chaos in strongly nonlinear hamiltonian chains of harmonic or nonlinear oscillators with nonlinear nearest - neighbor coupling .  ⁇ n we analyze the scaling of this probability around the transition point from chaotic to regular phase space .  ⁇ n we find that this scaling depends crucially on the choice of nonlinearity .  ⁇ n we also analyze the implications for the spreading behavior of nonlinear oscillators . '
b' we present a catalogue of stars and brown dwarfs in the @xmath0 orionis star cluster , based on the mayrit catalogue of confirmed and candidate cluster members .  ⁇ n the catalogue contains a total of 58 confirmed and candidate cluster members , of which 62 are confirmed and 92 are suspected cluster members .  ⁇ 
b' we consider the renormalization of the shape function in the endpoint region of the hadronic invariant mass spectrum .  ⁇ n we derive an evolution equation for the shape function and derive the anomalous dimension .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the relationship between the mass differences of elementary particles and the symmetry breaking mass splittings of the hadrons .  ⁇ n we show that the symmetry broken mass splittings of the hadrons are close integral / half integral multiples of the mass difference between a neutral pion and a muon .  ⁇ n this reinforces our earlier result that elementary particles do not occur randomly and are linked through the mass difference between first two massive elementary particles i.e. a muon and a neutral pion . '
b' we present a laboratory experiment to simulate the light curves of pulsating white dwarfs using a ccd photometer .  ⁇ n the apparatus consists of a light box with controllable light emitting diodes ( leds ) as artificial stars , and a custom led controller .  ⁇ n the led controller was redesigned using an arduino board and through - hole electronic components in order to simplify reproduction possibilities .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the coexistence and consensus equilibria of a mean - field model of language competition .  ⁇ n the model is based on the majority preference , which is also regarded as the minority aversion .  ⁇ n we show that the behavior of the model is essentially different between @xmath0 and @xmath1 .  ⁇ n in particular , the coexistence of different states and the consensus can be multistable , i.e. , the coexistence and consensus equilibria are both stable , only when @xmath2 .  ⁇ n we extend the as model to the case of competition among @xmath0 states . '
b' we study the critical properties of the hm model on the union - jack lattice with a square unit cell .  ⁇ n the critical exponents of the model are calculated exactly .  ⁇ n the critical manifold and critical exponents vary with the ratio of couplings .  ⁇ n the critical exponents vary with the ratio of couplings .  ⁇ n the critical exponents vary with the ratio of couplings .  ⁇ n the critical exponents of the hm model are found to be @xmath0 and @xmath1 , respectively .  ⁇ n the critical exponents of the hm model are found to be @xmath0 and @xmath1 , respectively . '
b' we present a new method to constrain the primordial power spectrum @xmath0 using the lyman-@xmath1 forest .  ⁇ n we use the lyman-@xmath1 forest spectrum and bispectrum analysis of several thousand quasar spectra in the sloan digial sky survey .  ⁇ n we find that the lyman-@xmath1 forest spectrum and bispectrum analysis of several thousand quasar spectra in sdss will improve the lyman-@xmath1 forest constraints by a factor of @xmath2 .  ⁇ n we also find that the lyman-@xmath1 forest spectrum and bispectrum analysis of several thousand quasar spectra in sdss will improve the lyman-@xmath1 forest constraints by a factor of @xmath3 .  ⁇ n we also discuss the implications of the lyman-@xmath1 forest spectrum for the shape of the primordial power spectrum . '
b' we study the vacuum expectation value ( vev ) of the scalar and fermionic fields in the spacetime of a static infinitely long straight cosmic string .  ⁇ n we show that the presence of a magnetic flux running through the core of the string induces a nonzero vev of the scalar and fermionic fields .  ⁇ n we also show that the vev of the scalar and fermionic fields is a nonzero function of the ratio of the magnetic flux by the quantum one .  ⁇ n we also show that the vev of the scalar and fermionic fields is a nonzero function of the ratio of the magnetic flux by the quantum one .  ⁇ n we also show that the vev of the scalar and fermionic fields is a nonzero function of the ratio of the magnetic flux by the quantum one .  ⁇ n we also show that the vev of the scalar and fermionic fields is a nonzero function of the ratio of the magnetic flux by the quantum one . 
b' we study spin electromagnetic field in ferromagnetic metals .  ⁇ n the spin electromagnetic field is governed by a spin gauge field , which couples to spin current of the conduction electron .  ⁇ n the spin gauge field describes the effects of spin current on the localized spin dynamics .  ⁇ n when a spin - polarized electric current is applied , the adiabatic spin gauge field leads to spin - transfer torque and moves the magnetization structure .  ⁇ n the world of spin electromagnetic field is richer than that of electric charge , since the electron s spin in solids is under influence of various interactions such as spin - orbit interaction .  ⁇ n we shall show that even magnetic monopoles can emerge .  ⁇ n we shall also discuss the spin electromagnetic field in the context of a voltage generated by a canting of a driven domain wall . '
b' we present a new algorithm for slow roll reconstruction , based on the hamilton - jacobi slow roll expansion .  ⁇ 
b' we study the bose - einstein condensation of two equally and oppositely charged fermions in a magnetic field .  ⁇ n we find that the critical temperature of the bose - einstein condensation decreases as an increasing magnetic field .  ⁇ n this is in conflict with the magnetic catalysis effect .  ⁇ n we also find that the critical temperature of the bose - einstein condensation decreases as an increasing magnetic field . '
b' we present the discovery of a galaxy at @xmath0 , which is responsible for a damped ly@xmath1 absorption ( dla ) system in the spectrum of the quasar 2233 + 131 .  ⁇ n the galaxy has a spectral type of m5 , and a spectral type of m6 .  ⁇ 
b' we study the statistical properties of the riemann zeta function @xmath0 for a quantum system with a time reversal symmetry .  ⁇ 
b' we report the growth of zinc oxide films on sapphire ( 0001)-oriented by pulsed laser deposition .  ⁇ n the films are deposited on al@xmath0o@xmath1 substrates at a constant temperature under a flux of pure oxygen .  ⁇ n the films were fabricated by x - ray diffraction and xpert phillips .  ⁇ n the films were deposited on sapphire ( 0001)-oriented substrates at a constant temperature under a flux of pure oxygen .  ⁇ n the films were deposited by pulsed laser deposition ( pld ) .  ⁇ n the films were characterized by a perfect @xmath2-axis texture , a low density of defects ( i.e. low strained films ) and an extremely smooth surface .  ⁇ n the effects of the deposition parameters on the degree of epitaxy and the defects density of laser - ablated zno films are qualitatively discussed . '
b' the lifshitz - type formulas for the van der waals interaction between a microparticle ( an atom or a molecule ) and a single - wall carbon nanotube are obtained .  ⁇ n the free energy and interaction force at arbitrary temperature are considered .  ⁇ n the results are compared with the results of the phenomenological density functional theory .  ⁇ n the results are used to calculate the casimir - polder force and the casimir - polder force .  ⁇ n the results are applied to the case of a single layer of graphite and a single - wall carbon nanotube . '
b' we present the results of the hegra all - sky survey , which is a tev @xmath0-ray all - sky survey conducted by the imaging atmospheric cherenkov telescope ( iact ) .  ⁇ n the hegra data are analyzed in the framework of the spherical symmetry .  ⁇ n the hegra data are compared with the hegra data .  ⁇ 
b' we study the virial mass discrepancy in a model of dvali , gabadadze and poratti ( dgp ) .  ⁇ n we show that the mass of a cluster of galaxies is proportional to the tangential velocity of a test particle located at the distance @xmath0 from the center of the cluster .  ⁇ n we show that the mass of a cluster of galaxies is proportional to @xmath1 , where @xmath2 is the tangential velocity of a test particle located at the distance @
b' we study the resonant tunneling through double impurities in a spinful tomonaga - luttinger liquid under a strong magnetic field .  ⁇ n the charge and the spin in the region between double impurities are changed by a gate voltage @xmath0 and a weak magnetic field @xmath1 , respectively .  ⁇ n the spin and the charge sector mix with each other due to the fermi velocity differences between two spins .  ⁇ n the resonant oscillation patterns of zero bias conductance in @xmath2 plane are calculated .  ⁇ n the spin dependent scaling behavior of a single impurity potential , due to zeeman effect , has been discussed by previous works .  ⁇ n we also discuss a spin - charge mixing effects on the impurity scaling in the resonant tunneling . '
b' we present the first complete two - loop calculation of the bhabha cross section for the process @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the calculation is performed in the feynman gauge .  ⁇ 
b' we have investigated the ground state of the system with up to 18 electrons at various filling factors by calculating the pair correlation function .  ⁇ n the ground state energy is determined at various filling factors .  ⁇ n the phase diagram of the system is clarified .  ⁇ 
b' we review a description of self - dual strings in m - theory .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the impact of cloud coverage on the variation of solar radiation obtained on the earth s surface .  ⁇ n we use ground - based sky cameras and human observations .  ⁇ n we calculate the deviation of the measured- and clear - sky solar irradiance from the clear - sky model , and use it for our subsequent analysis .  ⁇ 
b' sam is a lecture at the _ meno _ meeting of the royal astrophysics institute .  ⁇ n sam is motivated by the idea that clocks at the equator and the pole should tick at different rates .  ⁇ 
b' we study the vacancy assisted domain growth in a two - dimensional ising - like lattice model with a symmetric exchange mechanism .  ⁇ n the asymmetry term in the abv lattice model is taken into account .  ⁇ n the results are compared with the results of the monte carlo simulations .  ⁇ n the results show that the asymmetry term is not a significant factor in the growth of the ordered domains .  ⁇ 
b' we study the anomalous diffusion of a particle in a crowded environment , characterized by the deviation of the mean squared displacement ( msd ) of a stochastic process with the probability density function @xmath0 from the linear time dependence of ordinary brownian motion .  ⁇ n we consider a stochastic process with the probability density function @xmath1 to find the particle at position @xmath2 at time @xmath3 .  ⁇ 
b' we construct a simple and intuitively appealing representation of brownian motion , based on wavelets , that gives a closed formula mapping the unit interval onto the functional space of brownian paths .  ⁇ n the explicit formula elucidates many classical results about brownian motion , e.g. , non - differentiability of its path .  ⁇ n the illustrative character of the wavelet representation , along with the simple structure of the underlying probability space , is different from the usual presentation of most classical textbooks .  ⁇ n we illustrate this idea by constructing brownian motion using wavelets , a family of functions with compact support and well defined scaling .  ⁇ n we also discuss the gaussian free field and fractional gaussian fields which appear as basic models in different areas of physics , from astrophysics ( cosmic microwave background ) to critical phenomena , quantum physics , and turbulence . '
b' we show that the amplitude death ( ad ) and oscillation death ( od ) phenomena are resurrecting oscillations in a wide range of systems .  ⁇ n we show both numerically and analytically that the addition of feedback destabilizes the stable attractors which results in a wiping out of the oscillation quenching and inducing a resurrection of oscillations .  ⁇ n further , by considering a rather general system , we prove analytically the above destabilizing nature over the ad state .  ⁇ n further , it will be more important to develop an adaptable mechanism thereby improving the ones available in the literature at present . '
b' the spectral properties of a hydrodynamic shell model with nearest and next - nearest neighbour interactions are discussed .  ⁇ n conservation laws for the ideal case are discussed .  ⁇ n the dynamo action in the shell model is discussed and spectral properties in forced stationary state and intermittency are discussed .  ⁇ n a brief mention to astrophysical applications is made . '
b' we study the dynamics of a condensate of microcavity polaritons , focusing on the effects of spin - dependent interactions .  ⁇ n we show that the dynamics of the condensate is governed by a symmetry - breaking phase transition , and that the phase diagram is characterized by a polarization - dependent phase winding .  ⁇ 
b' we present a search for supersymmetry in the split supersymmetry model .  ⁇ 
b' we present an ultra - stable platform for optical multidimensional fourier - transform spectroscopy .  ⁇ n the platform is based on a three - pulse transient four - wave mixing excitation scheme , using the fourth pulse as a phase - stabile reference pulse .  ⁇ n the versatility of the platform is demonstrated with several 2dft projections .  ⁇ n also presented is a straight forward implementation of phase cycling to reduce noise from scattered pump light . '
b' we investigate the extinction laws caused by circumstellar dust grains in a steady - emission source surrounded by dusty circumstellar media .  ⁇ n we adopt various dust models and systematically compute the effective extinction laws , by performing monte carlo radiation transfer simulations .  ⁇ n we show that the total - to - selective extinction ratio , @xmath0 , is a sensitive function of the properties of circumstellar dust .  ⁇ 
b' we introduce a new parameter that measures the ratio of the support in twitter between two candidates , which we call the relative support , and apply it to the 2011 spanish presidential elections .  ⁇ n we further study the dynamical patterns emerging from the twitter mention and retweet networks within the framework of complex networks theory .  ⁇ n we also interpret the dynamics of the twitter mention and retweet networks within the framework of complex networks theory .  ⁇ n finally we introduce a model based on the heterogeneous preferential attachment formalism capable of growing political conversations and illustrate it by reproducing the mentions and retweets taking place among politicians . '
b' we present a detailed spectroscopic analysis of the electronic structure of the heusler compound co@xmath0mnsi at room temperature .  ⁇ n the occupied and unoccupied electronic structure is investigated in detail .  ⁇ n the corresponding spin - density matrix is calculated within the fully relativistic one - step model .  ⁇ n the corresponding spin - density matrix is compared to experimental data .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the x - ray afterglow of grb090111 , based on a sample of x - ray afterglows observed with the swift x - ray telescope .  ⁇ n the x - ray light - curve shows a peculiar re - brightening , with extreme properties when compared to typical x - ray flares .  ⁇ 
b' we consider a class of the generalized graph - based codes which we call woven graph codes with constituent block and convolutional codes .  ⁇ n they are based on @xmath0-partite , @xmath0-uniform hypergraphs and constituent @xmath1 block codes .  ⁇ n we derive a product - type lower bound on the minimum distance of such codes .  ⁇ n we show that if the minimum distance of the constituent block codes is larger than or equal to @xmath2 , then there exist asymptotically good codes with fixed constituent codes among these graph - based codes .  ⁇ n we also show that if the minimum distance of the constituent block codes is larger than or equal to @xmath3 , then there exist asymptotically good codes with fixed constituent codes among these graph - based codes .  ⁇ n we also show that if the minimum distance of the constituent block codes is larger than or equal to @xmath4 , then there exist asymptotically good codes with fixed constituent codes among these
b' we present a new analysis of the /hetg / spectra of eight agns , based on a quick fact - checking and analysis of relevant issues .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new method for measuring displacement at the nanometer scale in the surface force apparatus .  ⁇ n the method is based on a capacitor included in an oscillator .  ⁇ n the capacitance measurement is a low cost method which does not require the use of a lock - in amplifier , without loss in resolution or dynamic performances .  ⁇ n the method has the advantages of being linear on a large scale , of allowing mesasurements between non transparent surfaces , and is suitable for dynamical measurements .  ⁇ n when used in conjunction with an interferometric technique ( crassous _ in preparation _ ) for the purpose
b' _ sherpa _ , the modeling and fitting application of the _ chandra interactive analysis of observations ( ciao ) _ software package , is designed to tackle multi - dimensional , multi - wavelength analyses .  ⁇ 
b' understanding how visual representations work is an important issue addressed in many works on information visualization .  ⁇ n we review the steps that take place during vision - cognition phenomena when the goal is data analysis .  ⁇ n we compile the literature introducing the following contributions : theoretical compendium : we draw a descriptive relationship between vision , cognition , and information visualization ; discussions : we debate our rationalizations over extensive literature ; reflections : we provide study cases to revisit design practices .  ⁇ n we also discuss the need to understand how and why visual representations work .  ⁇ 
b' we introduce a new class of models describing the quark mass hierarchy .  ⁇ n one of our basic assumptions is the separation of the dynamics triggering the strong isospin violation in the third and second families from that responsible for the generation of the quark masses , i.e. , electroweak symmetry breaking .  ⁇ 
b' we discuss the possibility that the missing baryons in our universe are in galactic halos or even in the galactic disk .  ⁇ n we show that the accretion of gas onto the galactic disks is a natural consequence of the cosmological constant .  ⁇ n we also discuss the possibility that the missing baryons are in the form of a warm - hot intergalactic medium .  ⁇ n we also discuss the possibility that the missing baryons are in the galactic disks .  ⁇ n we also discuss the possibility that the missing baryons are in the galactic halos .  ⁇ n we conclude that the missing baryons are not in the galactic disks .  ⁇ n we also discuss the possibility that the missing baryons are in the galactic halos .  ⁇ n _ pacs : _  ⁇ n 98.80.-k , 98.80.cq , 98.80.es '
b' we present a quantitative analysis of the decoding of information encoded in the expression levels of four gap genes in the early fruit fly embryo .  ⁇ 
b' we have performed a microscopic simulation study of the lennard - jones system at normal liquid temperatures .  ⁇ n we have found that the mct divergence temperature at which an approximation to the configurational entropy goes to zero is similar to the adam - gibbs transition temperature .  ⁇ n we have also found that the excess entropy , which is obtained from the pair correlation alone , is similar to the rosenfeld relation .  ⁇ n we have also found that the excess entropy is a good indicator of the relaxation time of the system .  ⁇ n we have also found that the excess entropy is a good indicator of the relaxation time of the system .  ⁇ n we have also found that the excess entropy is a good indicator of the relaxation time of the system .  ⁇ n we have also found that the excess entropy is a good indicator of the relaxation time of the system . '
b' i present a systematic study of leptonic four fermion final states at a @xmath0 collider including the effect of fermion masses .  ⁇ n the cross section for the process @xmath1 is computed using a new technique which , in collaboration with _  ⁇ n f. caravaglios _ , has recently developed .  ⁇ n the amplitude for the processes in tables [ xxcc ] , [ xxnca ] and [ xxncb ] is computed using a simple numerical algorithm .  ⁇ n the algorithm is implemented in a fortran code alpha which presently uses the standard model electroweak lagrangian .  ⁇ n the results are compared with the predictions of the standard model . '
b' we study the fractional nonlinear schrdinger equation ( nlse ) , a generalization of the schrdinger equation to fractional derivatives .  ⁇ 
b' we present a theoretical study of the magnetoresistance ( mr ) of a doped perovskite manganate .  ⁇ 
b' we study the _ patience sorting _ of permutations .  ⁇ n we show that the baik - deift - johansson theorem is a consequence of the _  ⁇ n neshadow diagram construction _ of g. viennot .  ⁇ n we also show that the baik - deift - johansson theorem is a consequence of the _ neshadow diagram construction _ of g. viennot . '
b' we present a new method for detecting lyman break galaxies ( lbgs ) at high redshift .  ⁇ 
b' we consider the problem of minimizing the expected cost of a markov decision process ( mdp ) when the total cost is discounted .  ⁇ n we identify conditions for the underlying mdp ensuring that the avar mdp problem is well defined when the total cost criterion is used .  ⁇ n we define a surrogate mdp problem that can be efficiently solved and whose solution approximates the optimal policy for the original problem with arbitrary precision .  ⁇ n we validate our findings on a rapid robotic deployment task where the objective is to maximize the mission success rate under a given temporal deadline . '
b' the equation of state ( eos ) and transport properties ( viscosity , self and mutual diffusion coefficients ) of h - he mixtures are studied by means of quantum molecular dynamic simulations .  ⁇ n the electrons are quantum mechanically treated through finite - temperature density functional theory and the corresponding electron - electron interactions are derived .  ⁇ n the eos of the full mixture and the individual species are compared with those of the linear mixing ( lm ) of the individual eos .  ⁇ n the eos of the full mixture and the individual species are calculated by means of a linear mixing ( lm ) of the individual eos .  ⁇ n the eos of the full mixture and the individual species are calculated by means of a generalized gradient expansion ( gga ) .  ⁇ n the self - diffusion coefficients and mutual diffusion coefficients are calculated for the full mixture and the individual species .  ⁇ n the eos of the full mixture and the individual species are calculated for temperatures @xmat
b' we present the results of a spectroscopic study of extended star clusters ( escs ) in the dwarf irregular galaxy ngc 6822 .  ⁇ n the cfht megacam images reveal a significant population of agb stars with @xmath0 gyr , which is extended out to 77 arcmin or 10.5 kpc from the center of the galaxy .  ⁇ n the spectroscopic analysis shows that the escs are characterized by a very large size of @
b' we study the domain walls ( dws ) in a one - dimensional bose - einstein condensate ( bec ) , modeled by nonlinearly coupled gross - pitaevskii equations ( gpes ) with the cubic - quintic nonlinearity .  ⁇ n we show that the dws are characterized by a sextic term , which is a non - monotonic function of the sextic parameter .  ⁇ n we also show that the dws are characterized by a sextic term , which is a non - monotonic function of the sextic parameter .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new approach to the calculation of the leading twist contribution to deep inelastic lepton nucleon scattering .  ⁇ n we use a factorization theorem to establish a hierarchy between the matrix elements of parton operators between hadron states .  ⁇ n we also discuss the drell yan process . '
b' we present a study of the mean temperature profiles of a sample of 15 hot , medium distant clusters .  ⁇ n the temperature profiles measured from xmm - newton data are compared with those derived from bepposax observations .  ⁇ 
b' we study the gauge inflation scenario in the framework of the scalar field theory .  ⁇ n the gauge invariant wilson line of the inflaton field is derived from the fifth component of the gauge boson in the five dimensional bulk .  ⁇ n the potential of the inflaton field is shown to be very flat , i.e. the effective mass of the inflaton is very small compared with the inflationary hubble parameter .  ⁇ 
b' we revisit the globally coupled map lattice ( gcml ) .  ⁇ n we show that there is a natural mechanism which guarantees the complete swapping of maps in the posi - nega switch between clusters of synchronizing maps controlled by external inputs .  ⁇ n we also perform an extensive survey of the turbulent regime of gcml .  ⁇ n we show that this regime has a prominent period three window and is full of periodicity remnants .  ⁇ n we also perform an extensive survey of the turbulent regime of gcml .  ⁇ n we find that this regime has a prominent period three window and is full of periodicity remnants .  ⁇ n we also construct a new extended globally coupled map lattice ( egcml ) .  ⁇ n egcml inherits the intriguing properties of gcml though they turn out diffuse to some extent .  ⁇ n for instance , in the two - cluster phase of egcml , the two clusters follow the same bifurcation tree with that
b' we present an analysis of the association between indian monsoon rainfall and solar activity using the continuous wavelet transform method with the morlet wavelet function .  ⁇ n the analysis is based on the aismr , north east india , north west india , central north east india , peninsular india and the homogeneous indian monsoon ( him ) region .  ⁇ n the analysis shows that the main component of indian monsoon rainfall , dominated by the dynamics of the south west monsoon , is a significant component of the indian monsoon .  ⁇ n the main component of indian monsoon rainfall is a gaussian , with a mean value of @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the gaussian component of indian monsoon rainfall is a gaussian with a mean value of @xmath1 .  ⁇ n the gaussian component of indian monsoon rainfall is a gaussian with a mean value of @xmath1 .  ⁇ 
b' we study the low - frequency oscillations of a typical @xmath0-doradus star .  ⁇ n we show that dealing with rotation by means of a second - order perturbative theory is not correct for rotation periods less than 3 days .  ⁇ n we use the same geometric formalism as above ( i.e. calculations of orbits of characteristics ) allows us to compute the frequencies of oscillations in the rapid rotation rgime ( rotation periods @xmath1 1 day ) .  ⁇ n we find again that wave attractors are a common feature of rapidly rotating fluids and conclude that they are promising features for the transport of angular momentum and chemicals in the radiative zone of rotating stars . '
b' the cms - totem precision proton spectrometer ( ct - pps ) is a joint project of the cms and totem collaborations aimed at measuring the surviving scattered protons during standard running conditions in regular  ⁇  high - luminosity '' fills .  ⁇ n the ct - pps detector consists of a tracking system to measure the position and direction of the protons , and a set of timing counters to measure their arrival time .  ⁇ n this allows the reconstruction of the mass and momentum of the centrally produced system .  ⁇ n the ct - pps detector consists of a tracking system to measure the position and direction of the outgoing protons , and a set of timing counters to measure their arrival time .  ⁇ n this allows the reconstruction of the mass and momentum of the centrally produced system .  ⁇ n the ct - pps detector consists of 144 pixel readout chips and about 200 timing readout channels .  ⁇ n this allows to measure the mass and momentum of the
b' we present a detailed analysis of the phase diagram of the blue phases of chiral liquid crystals .  ⁇ 
b' we critically assess the use of the operator product expansion ( ope ) to extract the strong coupling from the @xmath0 decays .  ⁇ n we focus on the most recent and very extensive application of this strategy to the aleph data .  ⁇ n we find that this strategy is fundamentally flawed , as a number of tests show unambiguously that the value for the strong coupling through this strategy is afflicted by uncontrolled systematic errors related to problems with its treatment of non - perturbative physics .  ⁇ n we also show that the truncated - ope - model strategy is fundamentally flawed , as a number of tests show unambiguously that the value for the strong coupling through this strategy is afflicted by uncontrolled systematic errors related to problems with its treatment of non - perturbative physics . '
b' we construct solitonic operators in the @xmath0 invariant string field theory .  ⁇ n we consider the closed strings whose wave functions are proportional to the boundary states .  ⁇ n we construct brst invariant states , which can be regarded as states in which d - branes are excited .  ⁇ n we calculate the vacuum amplitude and show that these operators create two d - branes .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new method to calculate the sticking probability of a gas molecule on a given substrate .  ⁇ n the method is based on the adsorption of a gas molecule on a given substrate .  ⁇ n the sticking probability is a key quantity characterizing the adsorption properties of a given gas species on a given substrate .  ⁇ 
b' we have used a dual - frequency modulation technique to stabilize a short optical cavity for measurements on timescales up to hours .  ⁇ n the frequency difference between its n@xmath0 longitudinal mode and its ( n+1)@xmath0 longitudinal mode is locked by an acousto - optical modulator at a fixed value matching half of the free - spectral range of the reference cavity .  ⁇ n the high accuracy and stability of a frequency synthesizer are thus transferred to the free - spectral range .  ⁇ n the method is independent from the existence of nearby atomic transitions .  ⁇ n we have demonstrated excellent frequency stability for periods up to an hour . '
b' we present exact solutions of the ( 0 + 1)-dimensional kinetic equation for a massive gas in the relaxation time approximation .  ⁇ n our results describe a purely longitudinal boost - invariant expansion and may be useful for description of very early stages of relativistic heavy - ion collisions .  ⁇ n we analyse the case of classical statistics and show that the traditional second - order hydrodynamics has problems to correctly reproduce the kinetic result .  ⁇ n this discrepancy is due to the missing shear - bulk coupling in the standard second - order hydrodynamics .  ⁇ n we further take into account the effects of quantum statistics .  ⁇ n they turn out to be important for the bulk viscous pressure .  ⁇ n the results presented here generalise several earlier results obtained for massless particles . '
b' we present an overview of the mid - infrared ( ir ) spectral energy distributions ( seds ) of young stellar objects ( ysos ) in the chamaeleon dark clouds .  ⁇ n the isocam survey , based on the ir excess criterion , has revealed a significant population of ysos in the chamaeleon i ir - excess .  ⁇ 
b' the casimir effect between a single ferromagnetic mirror opposite of a non - magnetic one is considered .  ⁇ n the casimir effect gives rise to a magnetic anisotropy in the ferromagnet .  ⁇ n the casimir effect is characterized by a competition between several contributions to the magneto - optical kerr effect , and depends on the distance between the mirrors .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed analysis of the radio continuum emission from the sgra complex .  ⁇ 
b' we study the polarization of the cosmic microwave background ( cmb ) radiation at ghz and mm frequencies .  ⁇ n we use the @xcite model to predict the number counts of extragalactic radio sources at cm and mm frequencies .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new approach to compute time - dependent limb darkening profiles for pulsating cepheids .  ⁇ n our profiles are based on time - dependent , non - lte hydrodynamic computations which , starting from a model of the cepheid pulsation , reproduce the dynamic structure of the stellar atmosphere as it pulsates .  ⁇ n we compute the intensity emerging from the stellar photosphere , and thus the limb darkening , computed for each pulsational phase relevant to the interferometric observations .  ⁇ n we show that the effect of the pulsations on the limb darkening is of the order of a few percent at optical wavelengths .  ⁇ n the corrections introduced by the hydrodynamic effects and the wavelength dependence of the limb darkening in the diameter measurement are of the order of a few percent at optical wavelengths .  ⁇ n the near - ir , which is the vlti primary domain , is still sensitive to the effects of the pul
b' we study the effect of drilled holes on the magnetization drop of high - tc superconductors .  ⁇ n we develop an algorithm based on the bean model to calculate the magnetic field in the critical state for an infinitely long drilled sample with an arbitrary cross section .  ⁇ 
b' we present a demonstration of ramsey interferometry in an optomechanical system .  ⁇ n the ramsey interferometry is a technique of measuring the quantum mechanical amplitudes in different domains where fields are applied .  ⁇ 
b' we present a systematic analysis of the optical / near - infrared spectral energy distributions ( seds ) of gamma - ray burst ( grb ) afterglows observed by the _ swift _ satellite .  ⁇ n we find that the seds of the afterglows are well described by a power - law with a slope of @
b' we study the dynamics of the three - dimensional hnon map @xmath0 .  ⁇ 
b' we present a density functional theory calculation of the potential drop along a molecular wire connecting two gold electrodes .  ⁇ n the potential is derived from a local charge neutrality condition .  ⁇ 
b' the gravitational potentials of intervening objects can be distorted and even multiply imaged by the gravitational potentials of intervening objects .  ⁇ n the resulting gravitational lens system can be used to derive global cosmological parameters , such as the matter density of the universe , the cosmological constant or the vacuum contribution to the energy content of the universe , @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the first two of these dictate the overall geometry of the universe , i.e. how distances to objects relate to their measured redshifts .  ⁇ n the statistical properties of large samples of lensed objects , such as the distribution of their source and lens redshifts and angular separation of images , depend on the geometry of the universe .  ⁇ n while statistics of complete samples are needed to measure @xmath1 and @xmath2 , a single lensed system , such as a multiply - split high redshift qso ( quasi - stellar object ) , or quasar , can in principle yield the value of @xmath0
b' we present a new diagnostic tool for the investigation of the magnetic field in the quiet solar photosphere .  ⁇ n the method is based on the zeeman effect and is able to detect the residual zeeman polarization signals .  ⁇ n the method is able to detect the residual zeeman polarization signals and to interpret the observations .  ⁇ 
b' we analyze the decoherence of schrdinger - cat states in an anharmonic potential .  ⁇ n we introduce a master equation that takes into account the fact that in a general anharmonic system the relaxation rate of each energy eigenstate is different .  ⁇ n we show how the phase portrait of the system reflects the damping of revivals in the expectation values of the position and momentum operators due to the effect of the environment .  ⁇ n we also calculate and plot the time evolution of the wigner function corresponding to the reduced density operator of the morse system .  ⁇ n we show that although our master equation reduces to the amplitude damping equation in the harmonic limit , the anharmonic effects lead to a decoherence scheme which is similar to the phase relaxation of the harmonic oscillator .  ⁇ n it is found that the reduced density operator that arises due to the decoherence can be identified with a mixture of states that are well - localized in the phase space and equally distributed along the orbit of the corresponding classical particle .  ⁇ n we illustrate the general
b' we present a model of the upper atmosphere of a close - in exoplanet , hd 209458b , which is a hot gas giant with a hot atmosphere .  ⁇ n the model is based on a simplified model of the planetary thermosphere , which includes the effects of a dynamical hydrogen flow .  ⁇ n the model is able to reproduce the observed x - ray spectra of the exobase , hd 209458b , and wasp-12b , and hd 209458b .  ⁇ n the model is able to reproduce the observed x - ray spectra of the exobase , hd 209458b , and wasp-12b .  ⁇ n the model is able to reproduce the observed x - ray spectra of the exobase , hd 209458b , and wasp-12b .  ⁇ n the model is able to reproduce the observed x - ray spectra of the exobase , 
b' we present a study of the spicules , a dynamic , straw - like magnetic structure in the solar atmosphere .  ⁇ n we present a detailed analysis of the spicules , based on a set of high - resolution , high - resolution , spectropolarimetric observations .  ⁇ n we find that the spicules exhibit periodic transverse motions with periods ranging from @xmath050 s to @xmath010 min , with a velocity amplitude of @xmath1 kms@
b' we study the dynamics of chirikov s standard map and other area - preserving maps , focusing on the effect of stochasticity .  ⁇ 
b' we study numerically the fully _ nonlinear _ gravitational collapse of a massless _ charged _ scalar - field .  ⁇ n we confirm that the late - time behaviour of the fully _ nonlinear _ evolution is in excellent agreement with the _ analytical _ predictions of the linearized perturbation theory .  ⁇ n we also study the late - time behaviour of non - spherical perturbations on a fixed reissner - nordstrm background and on a time - dependent background .  ⁇ n we confirm that the _ nonlinear _ results of the linearized analysis are in excellent agreement with the _ analytical _ predictions of the linearized analysis . '
b' we present a series of calculations of the phase shift of a matter - wave interferometer caused by the passage of a gravitational wave .  ⁇ n the results are compared with the well - known expression for the phase shift caused by _stationary _ sources of spacetime curvature .  ⁇ 
b' we present a numerical simulation of a wet galaxy merger , which to our knowledge is the highest resolution model of this kind so far .  ⁇ n we resolve the formation of dense structures resembling super star clusters ( sscs ) with typical masses of @xmath0 m@xmath1 .  ⁇ n we argue that they are tightly bound and likely progenitors of long - lived gcs .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the bursting pulsar gro j1744@xmath028 , a low - mass x - ray binary located close to the galactic center .  ⁇ n we observed the source with the _ rossi x - ray timing explorer _ during the first two outbursts of the source .  ⁇ n we find that the source was undergoing a dramatic change in its persistent , pulsed and burst flux during the first outburst .  ⁇ n the burst flux was a factor of @xmath1 higher than that of the second outburst .  ⁇ n the burst flux decreased by a factor of @xmath2 during the first outburst .  ⁇ n the burst flux decreased by a factor of @xmath3 during the second outburst .  ⁇ n the burst flux decreased by a factor of @xmath4 during the first outburst .  ⁇ n the burst flux decreased by 
b' we present a method for constructing exact reduced models of singular partial differential equations .  ⁇ 
b' relativistic models for the exclusive and inclusive electron and neutrino scattering in the qe region are presented .  ⁇ 
b' we present a theoretical study of the spin wave spectrum and dynamic susceptibility of ultrathin films adsorbed on 5d substrates .  ⁇ n we show that the spin orbit coupling induces a linear term in the dispersion relation of spin waves , and that the uniform spin wave mode at zero wave vector acquires a finite group velocity .  ⁇ n this is found to be in the range of @xmath0 cm / sec for the fe monolayer on w(110 ) .  ⁇ n furthermore , left / right asymmetries appear in the speels response functions .  ⁇ n we comment briefly on the role of spin orbit coupling in the spin excitations of ultrathin ferromagnets grown on 5d substrates . '
b' we present a model independent analysis of the observability of the process @x
b' we construct a sine - gordon type model for the vortex dynamics of magnetically coupled layered superconductors .  ⁇ n the model is based on a two - dimensional sine - gordon field theory .  ⁇ 
b' we analyze the period of the unusually strong hard x - ray activity of cyg x-1 on 1999 april 21 .  ⁇ n two strong outbursts activated the batse/_cgro _ onboard trigger .  ⁇ n we analyze the temporal structure of the outbursts in the four lad energy channels 14 , estimate the peak luminosity of cyg x-1 , and discuss possible implications for theoretical models of accretion in this object .  ⁇ n april 21 , cyg x-1 was in the hard state with normal luminosity .  ⁇ n the x - ray luminosity above 50 kev was about @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the peak luminosity of cyg x-1 was about @xmath1 .  ⁇ n the x - ray luminosity of cyg x-1 is estimated to be about @xmath2 .  ⁇ n the accretion rate of cyg x-1
b' we study the momentum space propagator of a relativistic particle in space - times with constant curvature .  ⁇ n we show that the modified propagator is lorentz invariant and ultra - violet finite in the coincident limit .  ⁇ n we also show that the two - point function of the scalar field in these space - times is finite in the coincident limit . '
b' we present a spectral type period diagram for field stars of known spectral types k / m and spectral types k / m supplemented by the sun .  ⁇ n we use the theoretical relation between mass and absolute magnitude to calculate the orbital period of a field star of given spectral type .  ⁇ n we find that the radii of field stars of given spectral type are close to the theoretical ones .  ⁇ n we also find that the radii of field stars of given spectral type are close to the theoretical ones .  ⁇ n we discuss the implications of this result for the determination of the masses and radii of main sequence field stars . '
b' we study the electron spin resonance ( esr ) effect in a scanning tunneling microscope ( stm ) setup with non - polarized leads .  ⁇ n the model assumes an additional direct tunneling between the tip and the substrate in parallel to tunneling via the dot s states , i.e. a nanoscopic interferometer .  ⁇ n the numerical study shows that the interference of the direct current and that via the spin has an esr signal in the noise , a signal that increases with the direct tunneling .  ⁇ n the numerical results show that the signal increases with the direct tunneling , i.e. the signal increases with the direct tunneling .  ⁇ n the model is motivated by studies of quantum dots with spin - orbit coupling and by stm studies of a two - impurity kondo system . '
b' we investigate the origin of the ring - like patterns observed in the outer parts of the circumstellar envelopes of asymptotic giant branch ( agb ) stars .  ⁇ n we show that the ring - like patterns observed in the outer parts of the ppn / pn may be a consequence of the motion of binary stars .  ⁇ n the pattern interval time is defined by the binary orbital period , and the pattern interval time is defined by the binary orbital period .  ⁇ n the pattern interval time is defined by the binary orbital period , and the pattern interval time is defined by the binary orbital period .  ⁇ n the pattern interval time is defined by the binary orbital period without a strong limitation on the scale .  ⁇ n the pattern interval time is defined by the binary orbital period , and the pattern interval time is defined by the binary orbital period without a strong limitation on the scale .  ⁇ n the pattern interval time is defined by the binary orbital period , and the pattern interval time is defined by the binary orbital period .  ⁇ n the pattern interval
b' we present a mapping of the error threshold of qudit - based quantum memories to the statistical mechanical potts model .  ⁇ n this allows us to numerically calculate the bit - flip error threshold for qudit - based quantum memories using monte carlo simulations .  ⁇ n we find that the threshold depends strongly on the qudit dimensionality , indicating that the error threshold is a function of the qudit dimensionality .  ⁇ 
b' the atomic description of finite density plasmas is based on generalised collisional radiative theory .  ⁇ n the theory is applied to the ions of carbon , oxygen and neon .  ⁇ 
b' we study a growing system consisting of groups of different sizes .  ⁇ n we assume that the attachment of a new element to one of the groups depends on the already achieved strength or size of that particular group .  ⁇ n we give an analytic solution of the master equation , which allows us to obtain the time dependent distribution of the size of the @xmath0-element group @xmath1 , where @xmath2 is the size of the @xmath2-element group , and @xmath3 is the probability that at time @xmath3 there are @xmath4 elements in the group @xmath2 .  ⁇ n the asymptotic behavior and scaling of the integrated distributions are obtained . '
b' we study the effect of chameleon screening on the gravitational force in @
b' we present a detailed analysis of the neutrino burst from a galactic core - collapse supernova .  ⁇ 
b' we study the endomorphism rings of maximal rigid objects in the cluster tube .  ⁇ n we show that the endomorphism rings are of finite type .  ⁇ n we also study the action of the hom - functor on the objects .  ⁇ n we also give an explicit description of the endomorphism rings for indecomposable representations . '
b' we present a new method for calculating the mean density of the interstellar medium ( ism ) in starburst galaxie
b' we present a study of the be and blue straggler populations in the young , metal - poor and rich magellanic cloud cluster ngc1313 .  ⁇ 
b' we study the dynamics of the ising version of the isotropic eight vertex model after a quench to the striped phase .  ⁇ n we show that the average domain size grows as a power law with the scaling exponents .  ⁇ n we also study the asymptotic correlation functions in the model .  ⁇ n we show that the scaling exponents depend on the details of the system .  ⁇ n we also show that the scaling exponents depend on the details of the system .  ⁇ n we also show that the scaling exponents depend on the details of the system . '
b' we present a study of the formation of young massive stars in giant molecular clouds .  ⁇ 
b' we give a quantitative bound for the cardinality of the largest subset of @xmath0 containing no corner .  ⁇ n this bound is an improvement of the bounds given by shkredov and as simplified by ben green .  ⁇ 
b' the origin of ultra - high energy cosmic rays ( crs ) remains an enduring question in astrophysics .  ⁇ 
b' we present jcmt scuba 850 and 8 msx images of the infrared - dark cloud g79.3 + 0.3 .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a novel method for numerical simulations of quantum field theories based on the stochastic interpretation of schwinger - dyson equations .  ⁇ n the method is based on the stochastic interpretation of schwinger - dyson equations , which are typically much easier to derive than the general form of the coefficients of perturbative series .  ⁇ 
b' the experimental evidence on the molecular orbital gating obtained by transition - voltage spectroscopy is reviewed .  ⁇ n it is shown that the linear dependence of the highest occupied molecular orbital energy @xmath0 on the gate potential @xmath1 , a key feature demonstrating the homo - mediated transistor function , does not critically depend on the particular model adopted in ref .  ⁇ n @xcite .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new statistical method to quantify the alignment effect in the polarisation vectors of distant quasars .  ⁇ n the method is based on the idea of a 3-dimensional object embedded in the polarisation plane .  ⁇ n the polarisation vectors are then compared with the corresponding polarisation plane .  ⁇ 
"b"" we present a model of human cognition based on a  ⁇  global workspace ' , a  ⁇  global ' , self - organizing system , and a  ⁇  theater of consciousness ' .  ⁇ n the model is based on a  ⁇  global ' ,  ⁇ n i.e. , a  ⁇  theater of consciousness ' , a  ⁇  theater of consciousness ' , and a  ⁇  theater of consciousness ' , a  ⁇  theater of consciousness ' .  ⁇ n the model is a  ⁇  theater of consciousness ' , and the model is a  ⁇  theater of consciousness ' , a  ⁇  theater of consciousness ' , a  ⁇  theater of consciousness ' , and a  ⁇  theater of consciousness ' .  ⁇ n the model is a  ⁇  theater of consciousness ' , and the model is a  ⁇  theater of consciousness ' , a  ⁇  theater of consciousness ' , a  ⁇  theater of consciousness ' , a  ⁇  theater of consciousness
b' we present a measurement of the luminosity function ( lf ) of white dwarfs ( wds ) using data from the all - sky supercosmos sky survey ( sss ) .  ⁇ 
b' we study the cost efficiency of targeted vaccination on uncorrelated random networks .  ⁇ n we show that the _ degree _ vaccination protocol is not the most effective .  ⁇ 
b' we study the properties of a dipolar bose - einstein condensate in ring- and shell - shaped traps .  ⁇ n the shell - shaped trap is spherically symmetric , whereas the ring - shaped trap is at most axially symmetric .  ⁇ 
b' we review recent developments in the field of classical variational principles .  ⁇ n we also discuss the connection to classical action principles .  ⁇ n we discuss the use of the quantum variational principle for excited states , and the connection to classical action principles . '
b' we report on a near field microwave microscope designed to measure the nonlinear meissner effect from a magnetic writer probe .  ⁇ n the magnetic writer probe is used to generate a strong and localized rf magnetic field on the sub - micron spatial extent of the microscope .  ⁇ n we demonstrate that this probe can develop a nonlinear meissner effect signal from several kinds of superconductors such as mgb@xmath0 and tl@xmath1cacu@xmath4o@xmath5 ( tbcco ) .  ⁇ n this probe has great potential for high resolution nonlinear meissner effect microscopy and in the future will be used in analyzing defects on nb cavity surfaces at high frequencies and low temperatures . '
b' we show that the conditions for plate tectonics on super - earths depend on the planetary mass .  ⁇ n we use detailed models of the internal structure of massive terrestrial planets and parameterized convection models to show that the condition for deformation and subsequent subduction is easily met by planets more massive than earth .  ⁇ n a second condition necessary for subduction is that the plate cools enough to develop negative buoyancy at subduction zones .  ⁇ 
b' the local group is a small group of nebulae which is isolated in the general field .  ⁇ n the local group is a member of the virgo supercluster .  ⁇ 
b' we study the influence of imitation on the dynamics of pedestrians in crowd .  ⁇ n we consider two different strategies of evacuation : cooperating ( 1.8 m / s ) and competitive ( 3.0 m / s ) .  ⁇ n we find that the imitation leads to spatial correlations of strategies of pedestrians , and that these correlations can lead to a respective phase transition .  ⁇ 
b' we suggest that the inverted radio spectrum of ngc 3031 is the synchrotron emission of a narrow , relativistic jet ejected by a central engine .  ⁇ n we assume that the jet is not filled continuously with relativistic plasma but that single , separated relativistic blobs move through the jet cone .  ⁇ n this is indicated by the correlation of blazar type agns with the ejection of new radio components from their core regions .  ⁇ n we assume that hydromagnetic turbulences counteract radiative and adiabatic energy losses of the particles in the jet components .  ⁇ n we show that the observed inverted radio spectrum is consistent with the emission of an inhomogeneous , optically thick source with the magnetic field and electron energy distribution and density varying radially .  ⁇ n we also show that the inverted radio spectrum is consistent with the emission of an inhomogeneous , optically thick source with a magnetic field and electron energy distribution and density varying radially .  ⁇ n we show that the inverted radio spectrum is
b' we perform a detailed comparison of the impact of different nuclear models and their implementation with respect to the ability to measure atmospheric parameters , @xmath0 , in an experimental setup similar to t2k .  ⁇ n we find that effects from changing the target nucleus from carbon to oxygen induce a bias in @xmath0 .  ⁇ n fitting data obtained with one generator and the other results in dramatic shifts due to different models and their implementation with respect to the ability to measure the atmospheric parameters .  ⁇ n also , the absence of multi - nucleon correlations in the fit can induce a bias between 1 and 3 .  ⁇ n we conclude that a near detector does not resolve these issues . '
b' a generalized scaling law is derived for stochastic systems .  ⁇ n it is shown that the scaling exponents are robust with respect to small changes in the data .  ⁇ 
b' we study the problem of determining confidence intervals for a physics parameter of interest , when there are systematic uncertainties in quantities such as the acceptance of the detector , the beam intensity , and the estimated background .  ⁇ n we assume that estimates of these quantities are available from subsidiary measurements .  ⁇ n this is not enough information for a bayesian approach .  ⁇ 
b' we study the thermal relaxation of a trapped two - dimensional bose gas of @xmath0rb atoms , subject to a blue - detuned laser .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the x - ray properties of the ultraluminous x - ray source ( ulx ) mrk 421 , observed with the _ chandra _ x - ray observatory .  ⁇ 
b' we study the zero - frequency noise in a nanotube , which is connected to fermi liquid leads .  ⁇ n we show that the schottky relation is followed with a voltage dependent fano factor corresponding to the electron charge .  ⁇ n we also show that the noise derivative with respect to voltage has a stepwise behavior , similar to the one obtained for normal metals .  ⁇ 
b' the earliest extant correspondence between montmort and a member of the bernoulli family is a letter from montmort to johann bernoulli dated february 27 , 1703 .  ⁇ n the latter corresponded sporadically over the next few years .  ⁇ n montmort sent bernoulli a copy of his book on probability , _  ⁇ nessay danalyse sur les les valeurs propres _ , that he recently had published .  ⁇ n he included a detailed set of comments on the book .  ⁇ n the major topic is a discussion of issues related to the card game le her .  ⁇ n next , in terms of ink spilt on probability , is discussion of the  ⁇  problem of the pool , '' generalized to more than three players , and of the game les trennes ( which may be translated as  ⁇  the gifts '' ) .  ⁇ n the major topic is a discussion of issues related to the card game le her .  ⁇ n next 
b' two approaches to the numerical solution of quantum field theories are discussed .  ⁇ n one uses pauli villars regularization and the other supersymmetry .  ⁇ 
b' we study the nature of adiabaticity in nonlinear quantum systems , such as bose - einstein condensates , by means of analytical and numerical methods .  ⁇ 
b' we present the first numerical solution of the fully nonlinear reaction - diffusion equations in a two - dimensional open reactor .  ⁇ n the model is a realistic model of the chlorine dioxide - iodine - malonic acid reaction - diffusion system .  ⁇ n we find that the system undergoes a transition to a transverse symmetry - breaking pattern , characterized by an intrinsic wavelength .  ⁇ n the branch of the bifurcation diagram corresponding to the transition to stripes is determined .  ⁇ n the results are compared with experimental data . '
b' we present a new method for constraining primordial non - gaussianity from large - scale structure surveys .  ⁇ n we use the nrao vla sky survey ( nvss ) and the sloan digital sky survey release six ( sdss dr6 qsos ) quasar catalogues to constrain the non - gaussianity parameter @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we find that the nvss and sdss dr6 qsos auto - correlation functions ( acf ) hint at a positive value of @xmath1 at more than @
b' we present a probabilistic model for tidal streams .  ⁇ n the model is expressed in the space of observables , but relies heavily on the expected structure of streams in angle - action space .  ⁇ n we motivate our choice of model by considering an idealised case of a gaussian structure evolving in time .  ⁇ 
b' the richardson s exact solution of the pairing hamiltonian is reformulated .  ⁇ n the pairing hamiltonian is derived by enclosing the system in a large spherical box .  ⁇ n the continuum is represented on the real energy axis or in the complex energy plane .  ⁇ n the exact eigenenergie
b' we present a new method for estimating the mass of the interstellar medium ( ism ) in galaxie
b' we show that the kortweg - de vries equation possesses @xmath0-symmetric , localized and cnoidal wave solutions , which appear in complex conjugate pairs .  ⁇ n the sum of the paired solution is also a solution of the kortweg - de vries equation , whereas the difference is not .  ⁇ n the existence of these solutions can be traced to the fact that , there are two distinct kortweg - de vries equations , @xmath1 , whose solutions are related through @xmath2 .  ⁇ n the complex @xmath2-odd solutions for the mkdv equation are also solutions .  ⁇ n this , in turn , generates more general complex superposed solutions for the kdv equation .  ⁇ n the @xmath2-symmetric soliton solution is shown to be isospectrally related to the fundamental solution in the lax equation .  ⁇ n the complex soliton solutions are analogs of bloch solitons in magnetic systems 
b' we study the quantum properties of the non - integrable dicke model and its integrable approximation , the tavis - cummings model .  ⁇ n the onset of chaos is studied as a function of both the coupling between atoms and field , and the excitation energy .  ⁇ n the results of the semi - classical description are compared to the quantum ones .  ⁇ 
b' we study a class of self - organized critical models , based on the aggregation with injection process .  ⁇ n the merging - and - creation process generates scale - free topologies .  ⁇ 
b' we quantify the capability of laser interferometers to detect violations of general relativity ( gr ) , with a single detection of a compact binary coalescence signal , by assessing if the minimal error on the parameterized post - einsteinian ( ppe ) parameters are larger than the separation of modified gravity values with respect to standard gr values .  ⁇ n error bounds are computed with the most accurate frequentist approach to date by computing the errors as inverse power series in the signal - to - noise ratio ( snr ) , where the first order is the inverse of the fisher information matrix diagonal elements .  ⁇ n we show that the cramr - rao lower bound ( crlb ) is a lower limit in the error of any unbiased estimator in the absence of prior knowledge .  ⁇ n we also show that the crlb is not met for the whole range of values the physical parameters can assume .  ⁇ n we show that the crlb is met for an equal - mass binary black hole system in the massive graviton case , provided that prior
b' we derive the double logarithmic ( dl ) corrections to the born amplitudes of high energy electroweak processes , for a sequence of gauge theories leading up to the standard model .  ⁇ n we then turn to the interesting case of broken gauge symmetries , discussing in particular the dl effects for standard model electroweak processes .  ⁇ n we show that the dl asymptotics of the born amplitudes can be resummed in exponential forms , and that the dl corrections to the non - radiative processes can be resummed in exponential forms .  ⁇ n we also show that the dl corrections to the radiative processes can be resummed in exponential forms .  ⁇ n we also discuss the dl effects for the standard model electroweak processes .  ⁇ n cern - th/97 - 055 + hep - ph/97050506 + hep - ph/97050506 + hep - p
b' we study the resonant production of a slepton and a squark in the r - parity violating extension of the minimal supersymmetric standard model .  ⁇ n we consider the r - parity violating couplings @xmath0 and @xmath1 and the r - parity conserving couplings @xmath2 and @x
b' we study the dynamics of a test particle in the spacetime of a spherically symmetric non - rotating radiation source .  ⁇ n the particle is assumed to be a spherical sphere , whose equatorial plane is a reflection symmetry .  ⁇ 
b' we present a photometric redshift analysis of the _ hst _ 5096 field .  ⁇ n the photometric redshifts were derived empirically using a piecewise approximation approach .  ⁇ 
b' we review the most recent results of observations of the first binary pulsar , psr b1913 + 16 , and of psr b1534 + 12 , the second discovered binary pulsar system suitable for sensitive tests of relativistic gravity .  ⁇ n we also describe a search for new pulsars that is currently underway . '
b' we show that the static depletion interaction potential between two parallel plates in a dispersion of ghost - like particles is only approached algebraically in time .  ⁇ n this must have an impact upon processes such as phase - separation kinetics and gelation .  ⁇ n we present scaling theory and brownian dynamics simulations of the depletion force .  ⁇ n we also present the results of our simulations . '
b' we present a new , cosmological model for the formation of the magellanic clouds ( lmc ) .  ⁇ n the model is based on the cdm - based model of the milky way ( mw ) , and a cosmological model of the lmc .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new technique of tracing magnetic fields using velocity centroid gradients ( vcgs ) .  ⁇ n the new technique uses velocity gradients that , according to the mhd turbulence theory , tend to be perpendicular to the _ local _ direction of the magnetic field .  ⁇ 
b' we present calculations of the ratios of strangeness to anti - strangeness produced in nucleus - nucleus ( @xmath0 ) collisions at rhic and lhc energies .  ⁇ n we include the effect of nuclear modifications on the produced particles .  ⁇ n we present the results in terms of double ratios of nuclear modification factors .  ⁇ n the results are compared with the predictions of perturbative quantum chromo - dynamics .  ⁇ n we find that the ratios of strangeness to anti - strangeness are sensitive to the strangeness content of the quark - gluon plasma .  ⁇ n we also discuss the implications of the results for the lhc experiments . '
b' we investigate the gamma - ray signals from dark matter annihilations in the early universe .  ⁇ n we consider the annihilation of dark matter clumps ( subhalos ) in the early universe .  ⁇ n we find that the gamma - ray signal from subhalos can be interpreted as a signal from inverse compton scattering off the low energy background photons in the interstellar radiation field ( isrf ) .  ⁇ n we also find that the gamma - ray signal from subhalos can be interpreted as a signal from inverse compton scattering off the low energy background photons in the isrf .  ⁇ n we also find that the gamma - ray signal from subhalos can be interpreted as a signal from inverse compton scattering off the low energy background photons in the isrf .  ⁇ n we also find that the gamma - ray signal from subhalos can be interpreted as a signal from inverse compton scatter
b' we report the time lags of horizontal branch oscillation ( hbo ) and normal branch oscillation ( nbo ) of the neutron - star low - mass x - ray binary gx 5 - 1 .  ⁇ n we found that the time lag behaviors are related to the fundamental frequency of hbo .  ⁇ 
b' the maximus instrument is a new instrument for the vlt flames fibre - spectroscopy facility .  ⁇ n maximus aims to provide vlt users with the maximum multiplex advantage allowed by the ozpoz fibre positioner , for both unresolved single - fibres and small , deployable integral field units ( d - ifus ) .  ⁇ n maximus aims to provide vlt users with the maximum multiplex advantage allowed by the ozpoz fibre positioner , for both unresolved single - fibres and small , deployable integral field units ( d - ifus ) .  ⁇ n maximus aims to provide vlt users with the maximum multiplex advantage allowed by the ozpoz fibre positioner , for both unresolved single - fibres and small , deployable integral field units ( d - ifus ) .  ⁇ n maximus aims to provide vlt users with the maximum multiplex advantage allowed by the ozpoz fibre position
b' we report the discovery of a new bursting x - ray source in the galactic bulge , sax j1808.4 - 3658 , with a period of @
b' we derive a master equation for the echo dynamics of a central system coupled to a near environment .  ⁇ n this master equation has the typical structure of master equations of kosakowski - sudarshan - lindblad form , and reduces to lindblad form when the coupling to the central system becomes zero .  ⁇ n we then consider the random matrix model already used in ref .  ⁇ n @xcite , and derive a closed integral equation for the generalized fidelity amplitude .  ⁇ n we compare the solution of the integral equation with the generalized fidelity amplitude obtained from numerical simulations .  ⁇ n we show that the new integral equation applies for a very broad range of coupling strengths between near and far environment . '
b' we present a measurement of the degree of entanglement of two different bipartite systems , as @xmath0 molecule and the @xmath1 molecule .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new all - sky survey of extended sources , based on the sloan digital sky survey ( sdss ) .  ⁇ 
b' we study the stochastic process of a susceptible - infected - susceptible ( @xmath0 ) model on a network with a fixed number of active links .  ⁇ n we consider a system of linear odes with a transition rate matrix with specific properties such as special tri - diagonal structure and/or well defined functional form for the transmission rates .  ⁇ n we derive approximate equations for the moments of the stochastic process described by the kolmogorov equations .  ⁇ n we also derive approximate equations for the moments of the stochastic process described by the kolmogorov equations .  ⁇ n we also derive approximate equations for the moments of the stochastic process described by the kolmogorov equations .  ⁇ n we also derive approximate equations for the moments of the stochastic process described by the kolmogorov equations .  ⁇ n we also derive approximate equations for the moments of the stochastic process described by the kolmogorov equations .  ⁇ n we show that the moments of the stoch
b' the turing instability is a diffusion - driven instability in a system of reacting and diffusing chemicals .  ⁇ n the instability gives rise to spatially heterogeneous stationary patterns in the steady state .  ⁇ n the gierer - meinhardt model provides a mathematical description of the reaction - diffusion processes , leading to turing instability .  ⁇ n the coupled map model provides a description of the dynamics of which , in specific parameter regions , lead to the formation of turing patterns in the steady state of the networks . '
b' we present an analytical solution for the magnetic small - angle neutron scattering cross section of ferromagnets with nonuniform saturation magnetization .  ⁇ n the solution is based on the micromagnetic theory of micromagnetics .  ⁇ 
b' results from the bepposax galactic plane survey are presented .  ⁇ n the low - energy concentrator spectrometer ( lecs ) and the medium - energy concentrator spectrometer ( mecs ) on - board bepposax are used to search for faint x - ray pulsars .  ⁇ n the mecs image reveals the presence of at least 3 relatively bright sources .  ⁇ 
b' in this paper , we have studied the structure of anisotropic compact strange stars .  ⁇ n we have used the krori - barua metric to obtain the exact solutions of einstein field equations .  ⁇ n we have found that the physical properties of the anisotropic compact strange stars can be explained by the krori - barua metric .  ⁇ n we have also studied the physical properties of the anisotropic compact strange stars .  ⁇ n we have found that the physical properties of the anisotropic compact strange stars can be explained by the krori - barua metric .  ⁇ n we have also discussed the physical properties of the anisotropic compact strange stars .  ⁇ n + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
b' the dynamics of individual cars in single - lane traffic is studied in the framework of a simple model .  ⁇ 
b' we present _ chandra _ and xmm-_newton _ observations of the merging system arp 299 .  ⁇ 
b' we present a recent calculation of the complete next - to - next - to - leading order contribution to the drell - yan process .  ⁇ n we discuss the gluon and sea - quark densities which can be extracted from the polarized gluon density .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the formation of graphene on silicon carbide ( sic ) by thermal decomposition .  ⁇ n we employ the density - functional theory ( dft ) to study the pathways along which si atoms are dislodged from the sic network .  ⁇ n we find that the formation of graphene seeds from the sic(0001 ) surface is accompanied by the aggregation of residual carbon .  ⁇ 
b' we study the dynamics of pair - wise scattering of atoms in a bose - einstein condensate .  ⁇ n we derive the bogoliubov equations governing the dynamics of pair formation , and apply the bloch - messiah reduction to write the state in terms of pairs of independently squeezed modes .  ⁇ n we calculate the density and the number of scattered atoms , and show that the number of atoms can be tuned by a suitable choice of the initial conditions .  ⁇ n we also show that the number of atoms scattered in the process can be tuned by a suitable choice of the initial conditions .  ⁇ 
b' in this article , we present a quantization scheme for the quantum _ battle of the sexes game _ .  ⁇ n the scheme is based on a hilbert space , and it is interpreted according to usual formalism of orthodox quantum mechanics .  ⁇ n we show that the quantum _ battle of the sexes game _ does not have a unique solution , hence the players are still subject to a dilemma . '
b' we have studied the static and frequency - dependent dynamical dielectric response functions of uo@xmath0 and puo@xmath0 using the gga+__u _ _ scheme .  ⁇ n our calculated band gap and high - frequency dielectric constant for uo@xmath0 are 2.3 ev and 5.53 , which are in good agrement with the experimental values of 2.1 ev and 5.1 observed in the optical spectra .  ⁇ n furthermore , we have found that the optical spectra of puo@xmat
b' we present near - infrared ( nir ) observations of the perseus molecular cloud .  ⁇ 
b' we report the detection of off - pulse emission from the long period pulsars psr b0525 + 21 and psr b204516 using the interferometric mode of the giant metrewave radio telescope ( gmrt ) .  ⁇ n the main - pulse is the emission from within the polar - cap region of a pulsar , and the off - pulse is the emission outside this main - pulse .  ⁇ n the main - pulse covers 5 - 10 per cent of the pulse period for 90 per cent of the pulsars .  ⁇ n the main - pulse is consistent with emission from open field lines .  ⁇ n the off - pulse emission from the polar - cap region of psr b0525 + 21 is a few per cent of the pulse period .  ⁇ n the main - pulse is a few per cent of the pulse period .  ⁇ n the main - pulse is a few per cent of the pulse period .  ⁇ n the main - pulse is a
b' we consider the dynamics of the polarization measure on a discrete probability simplex .  ⁇ n we use information geometry to characterise the critical points of the gradient flow .  ⁇ n we also discuss the application of the method to the study of an exponential family .  ⁇ n we suggest a possible application .  ⁇ n polarization measure , information geometry , hessian , replicator , second order calculus , hessian . '
b' we propose a sufficient dimension reduction method for regressions with exponential family response , including binomial , poisson , geometric , negative binomial , gaussian , exponential , gamma , inverse gamma , and log - normal distributions .  ⁇ 
b' the evolution of protoneutron stars is studied in the quasistatic approximation .  ⁇ n the equation of state of hot , dense matter is assumed to be a standard model of dense matter .  ⁇ n the equation of state of the star is calculated in the quasistatic approximation .  ⁇ n the evolution of protoneutron stars is studied in the quasistatic approximation .  ⁇ n the evolution of protoneutron stars is studied in the quasistatic approximation .  ⁇ n the pulsations of protoneutron stars are discussed in a separate paper .  ⁇ n the pulsations of protoneutron stars are discussed in a separate paper . '
b' we develop a description of nucleon - antinucleon annihilation into pions based on the creation of a coherent classical pion wave in the annihilation process and the quantization of this wave using the method of coherent states .  ⁇ n our picture is based on the rapid conversion of pions to pions .  ⁇ n we assume that the rapid conversion to pions is a feature of the real annihilation .  ⁇ n we assume that this rapid conversion to pions is a coherent wave .  ⁇ n we then quantize this wave using the method of coherent states .  ⁇ n we find that the pion wave is a propagating , but well localized pulse .  ⁇ n this pulse is a coherent pion wave .  ⁇ n we also find that the pion wave is a propagating , but well localized pulse .  ⁇ n we show that the pion wave is a coherent pion wave .  ⁇ n we also show that the pion wave is a coherent pion wave .  ⁇ 
b' we present a model for the @xmath0 @xmath1 state in the @xmath2 channel , which incorporates a linear scalar confining interaction .  ⁇ 
b' in this paper , we investigate the effect of weak measurement and its reversal measurement on the efficiency of multiparticle entanglement based quantum secure communication in noisy environment .  ⁇ n we first study the effect of weak measurement and its reversal measurement on the efficiency of multiparticle entanglement based quantum communication .  ⁇ n we then study the effect of weak measurement and its reversal measurement on the efficiency of multiparticle entanglement based quantum secure communication .  ⁇ n we show that the weak measurement and its reversal measurement can improve the efficiency of multiparticle entanglement based quantum secure communication .  ⁇ n we also show that the weak measurement and its reversal measurement can improve the efficiency of multiparticle entanglement based quantum secure communication . '
b' the quantum phase transitions of the ising chain with antisymmetric anisotropic and alternating exchange interactions are investigated by the quantum renormalization group method .  ⁇ n the ground state energy of the renormalized ground state is obtained analytically .  ⁇ n the boundary line of critical points determines two different phases .  ⁇ n the effects of antisymmetric anisotropic interactions and alternating ones on the entanglement entropy are investigated .  ⁇ n the divergence of the derivative of entropy occurs at the same critical points .  ⁇ n the finite size scaling behavior of the entanglement is also studied . '
b' we study the dynamics of two coupled nonlinear cavities in a dissipative setting where both sites are driven coherently and symmetrically .  ⁇ n we perform semiclassical and quantum analysis of the system investigating the complex interplay of many competing terms such as hopping , interaction , drive , dissipation and detuning .  ⁇ n we show that the nonequilibrium steady states have asymmetric number density in the two cavities in addition to the expected symmetry preserving states .  ⁇ n these states are the driven - dissipative analog of the double well symmetry breaking or self - trapped states .  ⁇ n these are not minimum energy states but long - time steady states resulting from the competition in drive and dissipation .  ⁇ n these are the driven - dissipative analog of the closed system double well symmetry breaking or self - trapped states with a fundamental difference that these are not minimum energy states but long - time steady states resulting from the competition in drive and dissipation .  ⁇ n these can be understood from the
b' we study the self - consistent field ( scf ) technique for an epidemic model in a population partitioned into @
b' we present a study of the orbital and rotational frequencies of quark stars .  ⁇ n we show that the maximum orbital frequency , @xmath0 , is attained in the marginally stable orbit of general relativity .  ⁇ n we also show that the orbital frequencies for maximally rotating quark stars ( @xmath1 ) are also attained in newtonian gravity .  ⁇ 
b' we report on the discovery of a young pulsar , , in the course of the parkes multibeam survey of the galactic plane .  ⁇ n the pulsar has a characteristic age of @xmath0kyr , and has been the subject of regular timing observations at parkes since 1999 may .  ⁇ 
b' the giant radio galaxy m87 is a promising candidate for tev @xmath0ray emission .  ⁇ n the h.e.s.s .  ⁇ n collaboration operates an array of four imaging atmospheric cherenkov telescopes optimized for an energy range between @xmath1 and @xmath2 .  ⁇ n the h.e.s.s .  ⁇ n collaboration has been operating since december 2003 .  ⁇ n the h.e.s.s .  ⁇ n cherenkov telescopes have been operational since december 2003 .  ⁇ n the h.e.s.s .  ⁇ n collaboration has observed m87 with only two telescopes between march and may 2003 and february to may 2004 .  ⁇ n the h.e.s.s .  ⁇ n data have been merged offline .  ⁇ n the h.e.s.s .  ⁇ n data have been analyzed in order to investigate the tev @xmath1-ray emission from m87 .  ⁇ 
b' this article considers repeated observations of a relation , or network , on a given set of actors , observed according to a panel design , and represented as a sequence of digraphs .  ⁇ n the nodes represent social actors , and the node set is the same for all observation moments .  ⁇ 
b' we present a model for the elastic and inelastic production of vector mesons in lepton - nucleon collisions .  ⁇ n the model is based on a partonic interpretation of the underlying subprocess .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate faraday rotation measure ( rm ) in the galactic magnetic field ( gmf ) and the intergalactic magnetic field ( igmf ) using the jvla , murchison widefield array ( mwa ) , and the australia telescope compact array ( atca ) .  ⁇ n we find that the rms through the ngp and sgp are @xmath0 and @x
b' we present a fully ab initio crystal structure prediction ( csp ) study of glycine crystals , based on a new non - local functional that accurately describes van der waals interactions .  ⁇ n the csp calculations are performed using a fully ab initio method , based on the glycine - glycine - glycine - glycine - glycine - glycine - glycine - glycine - glycine - glycine - glycine - glycine - glycine - glycine - glycine - glycine - glycine - glycine - glycine - glycine - glycine - glycine - glycine - glycine - glycine - glycine - glycine - glycine - glycine - g
b' we show that the galactic center ( gc ) is the most promising source of wimp annihilation radiation .  ⁇ n we show that the gc emission is astrophysical , and that the hess source is only a narrow window in which wimp annihilation can be discovered .  ⁇ n we also show that the glast satellite is a good candidate for wimp annihilation . '
b' we propose a novel measure to measure the dissimilarity between latent and observed variables in two - layer models .  ⁇ n the key idea is to define a virtual - latent probability mass function ( pmf ) over observed variables , using the conditionally expected information of latent samples .  ⁇ n this definition provides us with a new pmf for which we can measure the dissimilarity between the latent and observed variables .  ⁇ n we applied lod to four essential types of two - layer models : 1 ) a single - latent - variable model ( sl ) , 2 ) a multi - latent - variable model whose latent variables are independent of each other ( il ) , 3 ) a multi - latent - variable model whose latent variables are conditionally independent given observed variables ( ci ) , and 4 ) a multi - latent - variable model whose latent variables are independent of each other and conditionally independent given observed variables ( ici ) .  ⁇ n our experiments revealed that the
b' we show that a background independent formulation of quantum field theory allows for the solution of one of the long - standing problems of quantum field theory : the cosmological constant problem .  ⁇ n this problem arises when one views quantum field theory as a theory describing fields living on a curved spacetime .  ⁇ n this problem connects with the conceptual problem of background dependence .  ⁇ n if instead , it is the quantum fields that make the spacetime appear in the first place and they are not treated as living on the background , then the cosmological constant problem disappears . '
b' we calculate the persistent current density @xmath0 and the magnetic induction distribution in a type - ii thin superconducting film by using the two - mode electrodynamics theory .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a nonlinear tuned vibration absorber ( nltva ) for mitigating the vibrations around a nonlinear resonance .  ⁇ n the nonlinear restoring force of the absorber is tuned according to the nonlinear restoring force of the host structure .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new model for the late - time radio afterglow of a gamma - ray burst ( grb ) .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the properties of nuclear matter under extreme conditions .  ⁇ n we show that the existence of nonspherical nuclei in neutron star matter ( nsm ) has significant effects on the vortex dynamics .  ⁇ n the vortex dynamics is governed by the spherical - sphere model , which is a generalization of the spherical - sphere model .  ⁇ n we find that the vortex dynamics is governed by the spherical - sphere model , which is a generalization of the spherical - sphere model .  ⁇ n we also find that the vortex dynamics is governed by the spherical - sphere model .  ⁇ n we also find that the vortex dynamics is governed by the spherical - sphere model .  ⁇ n we also find that the vortex dynamics is governed by the spherical - sphere model .  ⁇ n we also find that the vortex dynamics is governed by the spherical - sphere
b' we present a detailed analysis of the ccd _ ubvri _ observations of the open cluster ngc 6866 .  ⁇ n the cluster s astrophysical and kinematical parameters are determined from the _ ubvri _ photometric and spectroscopic data .  ⁇ n the cluster s reddening and metallicity are determined from the stars with high membership probabilities and then keeping these two constant .  ⁇ 
b' we present a model for the broad iron line in the seyfert 1 mcg-6 - 30 - 15 .  ⁇ 
b' we report the first observation of the coverage map during a prewetting transition on a cesium metal surface .  ⁇ n the invasion of the surface by the thick film at the transition is found to take place through a creeping motion of the edge of the thick film .  ⁇ n the prewetting transition is found to be reversible , i.e. , the transition is reversible .  ⁇ 
b' the deformation - dependent mass ( ddm ) bohr hamiltonian is embedded into a 6-dimensional space , allowing the mass to depend on the deformation through a specific function containing a free parameter .  ⁇ n this free parameter is shown to be related to the curvature of the 5-dimensional space , a procedure of general applicability in hamiltonians using position - dependent masses .  ⁇ n the classical limit of the interacting boson model ( ibm ) is also compared to the ddm bohr hamiltonian , and the special cases corresponding to the three limiting symmetries [ u(5 ) ( vibrational ) , su(3)(rotational ) and o(6 ) ( @xmath2-unstable ) ] of the ibm are also discussed . '
b' we present merlin observations of the wolf - rayet star wr146 .  ⁇ 
b' the fruit fly is one of the smallest flying insects with a wingspan of about 6 mm .  ⁇ n however , there is a large variety of flying insects that are much smaller in size .  ⁇ n one group includes parasatoid wasps , jewel wasps , and thysanoptera .  ⁇ n these insects are characterized by bristled wings and fly at reynolds numbers around 10 .  ⁇ 
b' the standard neutrino theory involves diagonalization of the neutrino mass matrix @xmath0 by use of the mixing matrix @xmath0 . combining information from neutrino oscillation experiments with neutrinoless double beta and tritium decay data , the absolute neutrino masses can be found to be in the range : .  ⁇ n the allowed absolute values of the neutrino mass squared differences @
b' we study the dynamics of a quantum ball in the presence of a repulsive three - body interaction .  ⁇ n the quantum ball is bound by an attractive two - body contact interaction .  ⁇ n we show that a very small repulsive three - body interaction can generate a stable quantum ball .  ⁇ n the collapse is stopped in this case by the repulsive three - body interaction .  ⁇ 
b' we study the dynamics of collective landing of bird flocks .  ⁇ n we model the motion of birds in a group of particles , each moving with constant speed and each tending to align with its immediate neighbours .  ⁇ n we show that the average opinion of the flock , a quantity which is a typical example of collective decision making , is shifted from that of continuing horizontal flight about some preferred altitude to that of descent towards the surface below .  ⁇ 
b' i present results from _ asca _ observations of the seyfert 1 galaxy mcg@xmath06 - 30 - 15 .  ⁇ n the _ asca _ spectra reveal a broad absorption feature at @xmath1kev .  ⁇ n this feature is interpreted as a blend of the photoelectric k - shell edges of ovii and oviii ( at 0.74kev and 0.87kev , respectively ) which are imprinted upon the primary x - ray spectrum when the line - of - sight to the central engine passes through the warm absorber .  ⁇ n the _ asca _ spectra also reveal the presence of other edges and lines .  ⁇ n the _ asca _ spectra of bright seyfert 1 s can also reveal the presence of oxygen edges .  ⁇ n the physical nature of this variability was unclear .  ⁇ n i will discuss two studies that address the physical nature of the warm absorber . '
b' we study the effect of dynamical quarks on the polyakov loop in su(3 ) lattice gauge theory .  ⁇ n we find that the dynamical quark loops that directly screen the color fields from a polyakov loop can be eliminated by a simple prescription .  ⁇ n we find that the polyakov loop correlator is a good order parameter for the confinement / deconfinement transition .  ⁇ n we also find that the polyakov loop correlator is a good order parameter for the confinement / deconfinement transition .  ⁇ n we also find that the polyakov loop correlator is a good order parameter for the confinement / deconfinement transition .  ⁇ n pacs numbers : 11.30.rd , 12.38.bx , 12.38.bx '
b' the pseudo rapidity distribution of 142 @
b' we present a new method for calculating the energy of the bottom of the band of a soliton model in crystalline nuclei .  ⁇ n the method is based on the wigner - seitz approximation , and is based on the assumption that the boundary of the cell is well approximated by a sphere .  ⁇ 
b' we study the dynamics of a tagged particle in the one - dimensional asymmetric simple exclusion process .  ⁇ n we focus on the case when the initial condition is step .  ⁇ n we investigate the limiting behavior of the diffusion of the tagged particle as both time and time go to infinity .  ⁇ n we find that the scaling exponent of the diffusion depends on the initial conditions .  ⁇ n we also discuss the limiting process itself which the tagged particle obeys .  ⁇ n we also discuss the scaling exponent and the average position of the tagged particle . '
b' we present two - dimensional isothermal hydrodynamic models of line - driven accretion disk winds ( ldadw ) in cataclysmic variables ( cvs ) .  ⁇ n we show that , in analogy with line - driven winds from early type stars , terminal velocities are approximately independent of the luminosity of the disk , although increments in luminosity produce increments in mass - loss rate .  ⁇ 
b' we revisit the derivation of the equivalence between the quantum langevin noise approach and the hamitonian method .  ⁇ n we show that the derivation always includes some hypothesis concerning causality and boundary conditions which actually lead to circularity in the deductions and are not applicable to the most general inhomogeneous systems used in nano - optics .  ⁇ n more precisely , we show that some unphysical assumptions actually limit the domain of validity of the previous attempts .  ⁇ n moreover , we show that some unphysical assumptions actually limit the domain of validity of the previous attempts .  ⁇ n moreover , we show that some unphysical assumptions actually limit the domain of validity of the previous attempts .  ⁇ n moreover , we show that the derivations always include some hypothesis concerning causality and boundary conditions which actually lead to circularity in the deductions and are not applicable to the most general inhomogeneous systems used in nano - optics .  ⁇ n moreover , we show that the derivations always include some hypothesis concerning causality and boundary conditions which actually lead to circularity in the deduction
b' we present a detailed analysis of the color - magnitude diagrams ( cmds ) of the globular cluster @xmath0 centauri .  ⁇ 
b' we prove a formalization of nepomnjascij s theorem in the polylogarithmic cut of a model of @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we then apply this result to the provability of the reflection principle for frege in bounded depth frege .  ⁇ 
b' we study the nonlinear dynamics of two weakly coupled nonlinear oscillators ( 2dof ) in the framework of nonlinear normal modes ( nnms ) .  ⁇ n the nnms are depicted as stationary points of the system s phase plane .  ⁇ n the limiting phase trajectory ( lpt ) of the system s phase plane is considered .  ⁇ n the lpt has two branches which limit the domains of attraction of unstable ( out - of - phase ) and stable ( in - phase ) stationary points , respectively .  ⁇ n the lpt has two branches which limit the domains of attraction of unstable ( in - phase ) and unstable ( out - of - phase ) stationary points , respectively .  ⁇ n the lpt has two branches which limit the domains of attraction of unstable ( in - phase ) and unstable ( out - of - phase ) stationary points , respectively .  ⁇ n the lpt has two branches which limit the domains of attraction
b' we present _ chandra _ observations of eight candidate low mass x - ray binaries ( lmxbs ) listed in @xcite .  ⁇ 
b' we study the case where the grover iterate is applied to a register that is initialized in an arbitrary mixed state .  ⁇ n we show that the grover iterate is a generalization of grover s algorithm .  ⁇ n we also show that the grover iterate is a generalization of grover s algorithm .  ⁇ n we also show that the grover iterate is a generalization of grover s algorithm . '
b' we propose and analyse a new stochastic cellular automaton , a slowly driven system with rebound parameters .  ⁇ n the automaton describes stationary state of the system .  ⁇ n several exact formulas - balance relations , average size of clusters and avalanche - are displayed .  ⁇ n the application of the automaton to study ito equation is investigated in our parallel papers .  ⁇ 
b' we show that the merger of two degenerate cores can explain the presence of very high magnetic fields in some white dwarfs .  ⁇ n we show that the hot , differentially rotating , convective corona resulting from the coalescence of two degenerate cores produces strong magnetic fields , which are confined to the outer layers of the resulting remnant , and do not decay for very long timescales .  ⁇ n we also show that the magnetic field produced during the common envelope episode of a close binary system is confined to the outer layers of the resulting remnant .  ⁇ n we show that the magnetic field produced during this phase is confined to the outer layers of the resulting remnant , and that the magnetic field produced during this phase does not decay for very long timescales .  ⁇ n we also show that the magnetic field produced during this phase is confined to the outer layers of the resulting remnant , and that it does not decay for very long timescales .  ⁇ n we also show that the magnetic field produced during this phase is confined to the outer layers of the resulting remnant .
b' we present a detailed study of the stellar structure and the black hole ( bh ) growth in the nearby andromeda galaxy m31 .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the relation between the degree of filamentarity observed in the galaxy distribution and ongoing star formation activity in the galaxies .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed calculation of the @xmath0 decay mode .  ⁇ n we find that the current experimental limit on this decay mode is in good agreement with the one obtained from the analysis of the lep-2 data on triple gauge boson production .  ⁇ 
b' we show that a growing network model with preferential attachment rules can be generated in @xmath0 steps .  ⁇ n the model is a generalization of the model introduced by krapivsky , redner and leyvraz .  ⁇ n we show that there is a discontinuous transition in the computational complexity of simulating the model at @xmath1 .  ⁇ 
b' the spectrum of secondary electrons and positrons resulting from direct acceleration in cosmic ray sources is derived in the framework of the nested leaky box model .  ⁇ 
b' we study the relation between the chiral lagrangian and the fundamental principles of qcd .  ⁇ n we derive the chiral lagrangian coefficients from the qcd green s functions , which are the exact qcd definitions of the chiral lagrangian coefficients .  ⁇ n we find that the chiral lagrangian coefficients are systematically smaller than the normal part , and the normal part is larger than the anomaly part .  ⁇ n we also find that the normal part of the chiral lagrangian coefficients is larger than the anomaly part .  ⁇ n we also find that the normal part of the chiral lagrangian coefficients is larger than the anomaly part .  ⁇ n we also find that the normal part of the chiral lagrangian coefficients is larger than the anomaly part .  ⁇ n we also find that the normal part of the chiral lagrangian coefficients is larger than the anomaly part .  ⁇ n we also find that the normal part of the chiral lagrangian coefficients is larger than the anomal
b' the coulomb glory effect in antiproton collisions with he- , ne- , ni - like , bare , and neutral uranium ions is investigated .  ⁇ n the calculations have been performed using both semiclassical and quantum theory .  ⁇ n the coulomb glory effect is characterized by a prominent maximum of the differential cross section in the backward direction at a certain energy of the incident antiproton .  ⁇ n the effect is characterized by a sharp minimum at 180@
b' we have performed a search for gamma - ray bursts ( grbs ) with the _ swift_/batse data of all - sky 9.1 years ( 19912000 ) .  ⁇ n the _  ⁇ 
b' we propose an eulerian approach towards motion representation learning .  ⁇ n the main difference between lagrangian and eulerian motion is that lagrangian motion focuses on individual points and analyzes their change in location over time .  ⁇ n therefore , it requires a unique matching method between point or patches .  ⁇ n on the other hand , eulerian motion considers a set of locations in the image and analyzes the changes at these locations over time .  ⁇ n the phase variations over time of the coefficients of the complex - steerable pyramid are indicative of motion and form the basis for learning motion representations .  ⁇ n we propose a general - purpose phase - based motion description learning setup that can be used in any motion - related task relying on motion .  ⁇ n here we explore four use cases : ( i ) action recognition , ( ii ) motion prediction in static images , ( iii ) motion transfer in static images and , ( iv ) motion transfer in video .  ⁇ n we show that the
b' we present a detailed study of the muon density in extensive air showers produced in the atmosphere of the auger cherenkov detector .  ⁇ n we use air shower universality to predict the muon density at ground , and the muon density at ground , at the lateral distance of 1000 m from the shower core .  ⁇ n we use the universality of the electromagnetic component of the signal measured by the auger surface detectors to determine an energy scale independent of the fluorescence energy measurement .  ⁇ n we also use hybrid events to determine the muon density at ground .  ⁇ n we find that the muon density at ground is independent of the fluorescence energy measurement .  ⁇ n this allows for a direct test of the predictions of hadronic interaction models . '
b' we present a study of the properties of neutral hydrogen gas in compact groups of galaxies , using a new survey , the parkes all sky survey .  ⁇ n we find that the fraction of neutral hydrogen gas in compact groups is @xmath0 , and that the fraction of neutral hydrogen gas in compact groups is @xmath1 .  ⁇ n the fraction of neutral hydrogen gas in compact groups is @xmath2 .  ⁇ n the fraction of neutral hydrogen gas in compact groups is @xmath3 .  ⁇ n the fraction of neutral hydrogen gas in compact groups is @xmath3 .  ⁇ n the fraction of neutral hydrogen gas in compact groups is @xmath3 .  ⁇ n the fraction of neutral hydrogen gas in compact groups is @xmath3 .  ⁇ n the fraction of neutral hydrogen gas in compact groups is @xmath3 .  ⁇ n the fraction of neutral hydrogen gas in compact groups is @xmath3 .  ⁇ n the fraction of neutral hydrogen gas in compact groups is @xmath3 .  ⁇ n the fraction of neutral hydrogen gas in compact
b' we study the adhesive properties of single - wall carbon nanotubes grown on a ni(100 ) surface .  ⁇ n we use a phenomenological model to study the bonding of carbon atoms at the surface of a metallic catalyst .  ⁇ n we find that the dangling bond saturation effect is more important for the formation of a cap than for the formation of a cap .  ⁇ 
b' in this paper , we present a novel method for dimension reduction of microarray gene expression data .  ⁇ n the method is based on the concept of a _  ⁇ n _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
b' we study the local dimension theory of equicontractive , self - similar measures of finite type , whose support is a compact interval and for which the underlying probabilities are regular .  ⁇ n we first give a simple formula for the value of the local dimension of the measure at any  ⁇  periodic '' point of its support .  ⁇ n we then prove that the set of attainable local dimensions of the measure is a closed interval and that the set of local dimensions at periodic points in the loop class is a dense subset of this interval .  ⁇ n we then prove that the set of attainable local dimensions of the measure is a closed interval together with the local dimensions at points in the loop class external to the essential class .  ⁇ n this is the case with many bernoulli convolutions , including when the contraction factor is the reciprocal of a simple pisot number .  ⁇ n we also show that the set of attainable local dimensions of the measure is the union of a closed interval together with the local dimensions at points in the loop class external to the essential class .  ⁇ 
b' we derive a necessary and sufficient condition for the nonclassicality of at least one of the input states to a beam splitter to guarantee the entanglement of the output .  ⁇ 
b' we review the period changes of three types of variable stars : mira variables , rr lyrae stars , and type ii cepheids .  ⁇ n all three of these variables represent evolved stages in the lives of relatively low mass stars .  ⁇ n they have , however , very different ranges of pulsation period .  ⁇ n we discuss the timescales during which period changes would be expected according to our current understanding of stellar evolution .  ⁇ n we also discuss the timescales during which period changes would be expected .  ⁇ n we conclude that the period changes of mira variables are not mutable .  ⁇ n we also discuss the implications of the period changes for the ephemeris of rr lyrae stars .  ⁇ n [ firstpage ] stars : variables : variables : variables : individual : mira , rr lyrae , cepheids : general '
"b"" we examine the question of whether the long - time residuals of integrable systems are saturated by the standard conservation laws .  ⁇ n we show that , in the case of a particular system with a  ⁇  known ' non - vanishing residual , the standard conservation laws yield a vanishing contribution to this residual due to symmetry .  ⁇ n we then show that this problem is not encountered for a concrete example , showing how our ideas work in practice and shedding light on the previously mentioned conundrum . """
b' we present the results of a search for gravitational lenses in the southern sky .  ⁇ n we have identified j16320033 as a gravitationally lensed quasar , and have obtained vla , merlin , and atca observations of the system .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new method for computing one - loop amplitudes for processes with many kinematic scales .  ⁇ n the method is based on the integrability of one - loop graphs , and is based on the integrability of the scalar box .  ⁇ 
b' we consider the possibility of black hole production in the interior of a neutron star , assuming that the black hole is produced by the same cosmologically distributed sources that would be responsible for the observed high energy cosmic rays .  ⁇ n we show that the black hole formation process is not a trivial process , since the region in which the black hole first forms is not dense enough for the black hole to interact with more nucleons before it decays .  ⁇ 
b' grid computing for the high energy and nuclear physics communities will need to deal with thousands of users and hundreds of computing facilities in the near future .  ⁇ n traditional grid user registration models require that each user registers individually with each computing facility .  ⁇ n these approaches do not provide enough information about users to allow access to some sites , especially doe laboratories .  ⁇ n the separation of user management software from the user policy creates potential security problems for the sites .  ⁇ n we have developed a user account management system and tools to allow sites to keep track of users .  ⁇ n this has been presented at several open meetings over the past year , most strongly within the ppdg site - aaa working group .  ⁇ n this paper presents the first results of this project .  ⁇ n the main goal of this project is to adapt the existing grid mapfile tools to the large laboratory environment .  ⁇ n we have developed a user account management system and tools to allow sites to keep track of users .  ⁇ n we have developed a user account management system that has been presented at several open meetings over the past year .  ⁇ 
b' we present a far - infrared ( far - ir ) spectroscopic study of the 30 doradus ( 30 dor ) region in the large magellanic cloud ( lmc ) .  ⁇ 
b' i present results of molecular dynamics simulations of spc / e water confined in a silica pore .  ⁇ n the pore is modeled to represent the average properties of vycor pores .  ⁇ n the results show that the slow dynamics of confined water is influenced by the hydration level .  ⁇ n the role of hydration level on the slow dynamics of confined water is discussed in comparison with that of bulk spc / e water . '
b' we present @xmath0-band multi - object spectroscopy of red supergiants in the dwarf irregular galaxy ngc6822 .  ⁇ n the @xmath0-band spectra were obtained with the very large telescope , chile , using the @xmath1-band multi - object spectrograph ( kmos ) .  ⁇ n the @xmath0-band spectra were analyzed using a spectral synthesis code .  ⁇ n the spectra were compared with synthetic spectra of a sample of rsgs in the local group .  ⁇ n we find that the @x
b' we propose a method of decomposing the radiation energy into work and heat in the framework of quantum master equation .  ⁇ n we formulate the method by investigating the time evolution of the system ( called photon drain ) that receives the radiation from the cavity .  ⁇ n we identify the systematic ( work ) and random ( heat ) energy transfers based on the time evolution .  ⁇ n our main result shows that the above intuitive conjecture is correct : the coherent radiation attributes to the work whereas the incoherent one attributes to the heat . '
b' we present a kinetic theory for the space - time evolution of a dense hadronic matter formed in ultrarelativistic nuclear collisions .  ⁇ n the equation of state of the expanding hadronic matter is described in terms of the disoriented chiral condensate ( dcc ) .  ⁇ n the dcc is described by the classical equation of motion for the chiral condensate .  ⁇ 
b' we present the first detection of hi 21 cm emission from a sample of 92 star - forming galaxies at @
b' we present a comprehensive study of the thermodynamic properties of the hubbard model in the thermodynamic limit .  ⁇ n we use a combination of a quantum monte carlo method and a recursive method to compute the thermodynamic properties of the system .  ⁇ 
b' a wedge - shaped bow is numerically simulated with the aim of investigating the wave breaking mechanism and small scale features of ship bow waves .  ⁇ n the bow wave crest formation of thin overturning sheets which break up into spray is observed .  ⁇ n the small scale features of ship bow waves are analyzed .  ⁇ n the wave breaking mechanism and small scale features of ship bow waves are discussed . '
b' we present @xmath0 ccd imaging of the interacting spiral galaxy m51 .  ⁇ n a sample of 125 young massive star clusters ( ymcs ) is identified , and their sizes are determined .  ⁇ n the specific @xmath1-band luminosity of the m51 cluster system is derived and compared with other galaxies .  ⁇ n the ymc population in m51 is compared with the lmc and the milky way , along with some considerations on the formation of ymcs .  ⁇ n the ymc population in m51 is compared with the lmc and the milky way , along with some considerations on formation of ymcs .  ⁇ n m51 , m51 , ymcs , lmc , m33 , m33 '
b' we investigate the ground state properties of bosons in the high orbital bands of optical lattices .  ⁇ n we show that the ground state wavefunctions of bosons can be complex - valued with spontaneous time - reversal symmetry breaking .  ⁇ n we also show that the ground state wavefunctions of bosons can be complex - valued with spontaneous time - reversal symmetry breaking .  ⁇ n we also discuss the properties of the ground state wavefunctions of bosons in the high orbital bands of optical lattices . '
b' we show that in the case of a flat cosmological 3d - space one can adopt two equivalent interpretations : ( a ) the space is expanding , ( b ) galaxies move relative to each other in a non - expanding flat space and no observation can distinguish this from space expansion .  ⁇ n this time , however , we show why the two interpretations are _ in reality _ physically very different .  ⁇ n in fact , the case of expanding universe corresponds to a _ curved _ spacetime .  ⁇ n the case of expanding galaxies corresponds to a flat ( minkowski ) spacetime .  ⁇ n it is the spacetime curvature that makes the light trajectories _ physically different _ in the two cases .  ⁇ n this is a reflection of the fact that newtonian and general - relativistic cosmology of an isotropic and homogenous universe are equivalent only as long as one does not consider the propagation of light .  ⁇ n this is a reflection of the fact that newto
b' we study the resonant conversion between cosmic microwave background ( cmb ) photons and axion - like particles ( alps ) in the presence of primordial magnetic fields .  ⁇ n we calculate the resonant conversion probability and the pixie / prism constraints on the resonant conversion probability .  ⁇ n we find that , if the coupling constant @xmath0 and the spatially averaged magnetic field strength @
b' nasa s _ kepler _ mission has discovered that many of the planetary systems around solar - type stars contain multiple planets ( kepler multis ) .  ⁇ n however , a few statistical studies have shown that there is an excess in the number of singles over what one expects by extrapolating from the kepler multis .  ⁇ n this led them to propose that there are at least two classes of kepler systems , one closely packed and one sparsely populated .  ⁇ n a few statistical studies have shown that there are at least two classes of kepler systems , one closely packed and one sparsely populated .  ⁇ n this led them to hypothesize that kepler singles may be the aftermath of dynamical instability .  ⁇ n we provide much more definite arguments to this hypothesis .  ⁇ n we find that kepler high multiple systems are packed close to the boundary of stability .  ⁇ n this proximity has to be explained .  ⁇ n unless the formation mechanism is somehow capable
b' we calculate the leading nonanalytic quantum corrections to the schwarszchild and kerr metrics using the techniques of effective field theory .  ⁇ n we show that the classical nonlinear terms in the schwarszchild metric can be obtained from the nonanalytic radiative corrections to the energy - momentum tensor .  ⁇ n we then calculate the analogous nonanalytic quantum corrections to the kerr metric .  ⁇ n we show that the spin - independent quantum corrections are the same as those of the scalar particle .  ⁇ n we also elucidate various theoretical issues and compare with other results in the literature .  ⁇ 
b' in this paper we construct the capm based on coherent risk measures .  ⁇ n we establish the sml relation , finding the form of an agent s optimal portfolio , finding the market risk premium , and providing coherent - based counterparts of these results .  ⁇ 
b' raman spectra of @xmath0 and @xmath1 complex perovskites were measured with _ x _ , _ y _ and _ z _ being along the fourfold cubic axes .  ⁇ n the spectra were analyzed by means of a group theory analysis .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a novel approach for nonlinear feature selection based on estimating the statistical dependence between bootstrapped random subspaces of the dataset .  ⁇ n the approach is based on a hilbert - schmidt independence criterion and a hilbert - schmidt independence criterion .  ⁇ n the approach is simple to implement and compares favourably with other methods in terms of scalability .  ⁇ n we illustrate the approach on real and artificial data . '
b' we have studied the time series of ion current through a voltage - sensitive large conductance locust potassium channel .  ⁇ n the experimental recording has been divided into two signals containing closed and open state fluctuations , respectively .  ⁇ n the resulting time series have been subjected to both a detrended fluctuation analysis ( dfa ) and an autocorrelation function analysis ( afa ) .  ⁇ 
b' we calculate the @xmath0 behaviour of the helicity amplitudes for the electromagnetic excitation of the baryon resonances in a relativistic constituent quark model .  ⁇ n the helicity amplitudes are calculated in the nonrelativistic and relativistic versions of the model .  ⁇ n the results are compared with the available data .  ⁇ n the results are compared with the nonrelativistic and relativistic versions .  ⁇ n the results are compared with the data .  ⁇ n the results are compared with the nonrelativistic and relativistic versions . '
b' we study the ground state properties of a fermi gas composed of ultra - relativistic electrons .  ⁇ n we find that the ground state energy of the fermi gas is modified by the heisenberg uncertainty principle ( gup ) parameter @xmath0 .  ⁇ 
b' the neutrinoless double beta decay of @xmath0ge has been observed with the phase ii detectors of the heidelberg - moscow experiment .  ⁇ n the half - life @xmath1 yr is found to be @xmath2 yr .  ⁇ n the half - life @xmath3 is found to be @xmath4 yr .  ⁇ n the upper limit on the half - life @xmath5 yr is set to be @xmath5 yr . '
b' we present photoionization models of the perseus arm .  ⁇ n the models are compared with the data from the wisconsin h@xmath0 mapper ( wham ) survey .  ⁇ 
b' we show that the original linear theory of scars , together with a proper account of gaussian fluctuations and symmetry , is sufficient to understand the scarring phenomenon .  ⁇ n we also show that scars are often much stronger than this , and that it may sometimes be understood in terms of identifiable _ nonlinear _ measures of scar strength . '
b' the rhic computing facility ( rcf ) is a large scale data processing facility at brookhaven national laboratory ( bnl ) for the relativistic heavy ion collider ( rhic ) .  ⁇ n the linux farm at the rcf provides the majority of the cpu power in the rcf .  ⁇ n it is currently listed as the @xmath0 largest cluster .  ⁇ n the linux farm is built with commercially available thin rack - mounted , intel - based servers ( 1-u and 2-u form factors ) .  ⁇ n the linux farm is currently in service .  ⁇ n the linux farm is built with a variety of compilers ( gcc , pgi , intel ) and debuggers ( gdb , totalview ) to provide a large degree of flexibility to its end users .  ⁇ n in addition , the linux farm also supports network file systems ( afs , nfs ) and batch services
b' the light - travel time ( lite ) is a method to analyze the orbital period changes of eclipsing binaries .  ⁇ n the method is based on the @xmath0 diagrams , which are used to calculate the orbital parameters of the third body .  ⁇ 
b' the isoscalar double - pionic fusion process @xmath0 has been measured at cosy .  ⁇ n the total cross section has been measured in the energy region 2.30 gev .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new method to constrain the progenitor systems of stripped - envelope supernovae ( se sne ) .  ⁇ 
b' we have used the spectral energy distribution ( sed ) of the ionizing stellar population to derive the age and metallicity of the ionizing stellar population in three giant extragalactic hii regions : h13 , cdt3 and 74c .  ⁇ 
b' we study the critical velocity of a clean superconductor in one spatial dimension , and obtain the dependence of this velocity on the temperature , along with the associated temperature - velocity phase diagram .  ⁇ n in particular , we find that at zero temperature the critical velocity is smaller by a factor of @xmath0 than the landau critical velocity .  ⁇ n this is in contrast to a previous report , which held that the critical velocity is @xmath1 , i.e. , the velocity at which the gap in the quasiparticle excitation spectrum closes and excitations proliferate so as to destroy superconductivity .  ⁇ n the smaller value of the critical velocity , which we obtain here , is the result of a pre - emptive clogston - chandrasekhar like discontinuous phase transition , and is analogous to the threshold uniform exchange - field in a superconductor .  ⁇ n the smaller value of the critical velocity , which we obtain here , is the result of a pre - emptive clogston -
b' we study the kinetics of the kawasaki dynamics in one dimension .  ⁇ 
b' we present a method to determine the cross sections and reaction rates for galaxy encounters , using a simple model of a cluster of galaxies .  ⁇ n we use this method to calculate the cross sections for a variety of galaxy models , and to determine the corrections to the reaction rates due to tidal effects .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a multifrequency study of the properties of low luminosity compact steep spectrum ( css ) sources selected from the first survey .  ⁇ n we found that approximately one third of the css sources have a value of radio luminosity lower than the luminosity boundary found for fr sources .  ⁇ n this implies that they are compact young sources with luminosities comparable to fris .  ⁇ n we also found that some of the small - scale objects can be strong candidates for compact faders .  ⁇ n we found that the css sources with luminosities below the luminosity boundary found for fr sources are a few times smaller than the luminosity boundary found for fr sources .  ⁇ n we also found that the css sources with luminosities below the luminosity boundary are a few times smaller than the luminosity boundary found for fr sources .  ⁇ 
b' the distribution of the intracluster light ( icl ) in the virgo cluster is mapped on the scales of a few arcmin .  ⁇ 
b' we calculate the casimir force between two uncharged metallic plates .  ⁇ n the force is calculated using the lifshitz formula for the dielectric function at low frequencies .  ⁇ 
b' genome size evolution is a key factor in determining the evolution of organismal complexity .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the finite size scaling properties of valence - bond - solid ( vbs ) states in a periodic two - spin chain by means of quantum monte carlo simulation .  ⁇ n we use a generalised twist order parameter to characterise the vbs transitions .  ⁇ 
b' we prove a conjecture of toeplitz for simple closed curves , and a conjecture of schnirelman for piecewise analytic curves .  ⁇ 
b' the formalism of statistical mechanics has been used to analyse the peculiar velocity distribution function of galaxies in the expanding universe .  ⁇ n the statistical mechanics has been used to analyse a sample of galaxies with haloes .  ⁇ n the statistical mechanics has been used to analyse the effect of uncertainties in sampling on the estimated distribution function .  ⁇ n the effects of uncertainties in sampling on the estimated distribution function have also been studied .  ⁇ n it has been shown that the statistical mechanics can be used to analyse the effect of uncertainties in sampling on the estimated distribution function .  ⁇ n it has also been shown that the effect of uncertainties in sampling on the estimated distribution function has also been studied .  ⁇ n the effect of uncertainties in sampling on the estimated distribution function has also been studied .  ⁇ n it has also been shown that the effect of uncertainties in sampling on the estimated distribution function has also been studied . '
b' the most recent results obtained at hera and a short outlook to the future exclusive diffraction program at lhc are presented .  ⁇ n a new phenomenological model for the description of the vector meson and deeply virtual compton scattering amplitudes in the framework of the regge theory is also given .  ⁇ n a new phenomenological model for the description of the vector meson and deeply virtual compton scattering amplitudes is also given . '
b' the evolution of cataclysmic variables ( cvs ) is investigated using the data of three - dimensional gas dynamical calculations on the losses of mass and angular momentum from close binaries .  ⁇ n the main attention is paid to the stability of mass exchange against runaway mass loss and its dependence on the donor to accretor mass ratio .  ⁇ n it is shown that the stability of mass exchange against runaway mass loss is determined by the balance of derivatives .  ⁇ n it means that unstable mass exchange is possible even for stars which contract when losing matter .  ⁇ n the main reason for the lack of stable mass exchange is the fact that a significant fraction of matter leaves the system .  ⁇ n the main reason is that the mass - donating star tends to overfill the roche lobe .  ⁇ n the stability of mass exchange against runaway mass loss is also determined by the balance of derivatives .  ⁇ n the stability of mass exchange is also determined by the balance of derivatives .  ⁇ n it means that unstable mass exchange is possible even for stars which contract when losing matter 
b' we present near - infrared integral - field spectroscopy of the binary star system @
b' we investigate the evolution of the star formation rate in massive halos , assuming a hierarchical cdm model .  ⁇ n we show that the star formation rate in massive halos is a decreasing function of redshift , indicating that the accretion of cold gas at high redshift is a process that is dominated by the cosmic filaments .  ⁇ n we show that the accretion rate is a decreasing function of redshift , indicating that the accretion rate is a decreasing function of redshift .  ⁇ n we also show that the star formation rate in massive halos is a decreasing function of redshift , indicating that the accretion rate is a decreasing function of redshift .  ⁇ n we also show that the star formation rate in massive halos is a decreasing function of redshift , indicating that the star formation rate in massive halos is a decreasing function of redshift .  ⁇ n we also show that the star formation rate in massive halos is a decreasing function of redshift .  ⁇ n we also show that the star formation rate in
b' we present an analytic one - loop calculation of the quark self - energy with the milc improved gluon action .  ⁇ n the calculation is performed with a staggered fermion action .  ⁇ n the improved gluon and fermion propagators are expanded in a geometric series around the standard propagators .  ⁇ n the resulting lattice tadpole integrals are expressed in terms of 16 master integrals .  ⁇ 
b' we report on the optical control of a single electron spin in a semiconductor quantum dot .  ⁇ 
b' we study the dynamics of a spin 1/2 particle in the presence of a slowly evolving magnetic field .  ⁇ n the lindblad form superoperator is incorporated in a convenient and physically motivated frame .  ⁇ n the dissipation is introduced via a semi - group type dynamics , such that dissipation does not alter the precession frequency of the bloch s vector .  ⁇ n however , the modulus of bloch s vector is modified in different ways by nonunitary effects .  ⁇ n in particular , the modulus of bloch s vector shrinks .  ⁇ n we show that the shrinking of bloch s vector modulus is a measure of coherence loss .  ⁇ n we also discuss the effect of dissipation on the evolution of the density matrix . '
b' we propose a mathematical model for hybrid quantum - classical systems consisting of one quantum and one classical subsystem .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new method for the wavefunction extrapolation in born  ⁇ n oppenheimer molecular dynamics ( bomd ) simulations .  ⁇ 
b' the galactic neighborhood ( gan ) panel was charged to identify key scientific questions ( as well as a potential major discovery area ) regarding galaxies and their surroundings out to redshifts @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the gan is a unique laboratory for studying interconnected astrophysical systems , for constraining complex physical processes , and for probing small scales .  ⁇ n high signal - to - noise observations , which can often be obtained for gan objects , need to be interpreted with correspondingly accurate physical data , jointly referred to as  ⁇  laboratory astrophysics '' .  ⁇ n the prospects for advances in the coming decade are especially exciting , particularly with consideration of the observing capabilities likely available from existing and upcoming nasa missions .  ⁇ n i briefly describe the gan science , particularly with consideration of the observing capabilities likely available from existing and upcoming nasa missions . '
b' we present a near - infrared and x - ray study of the line of sight to the seyfert 1 galaxy , cygnus a. we find that the gas - to - dust ratio along the line of sight to cygnus a is @xmath0 , which is much larger than the galactic value .  ⁇ 
b' we study the thermal evolution of a proto - neutron star as it cools via neutrino diffusion .  ⁇ n we find that the neutrino mean free path in the superconducting phase has a characteristic time scale of @xmath0 seconds .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a mechanism of dynamical mass generation by exciton condensation and exchange - driven polarization to qualitatively describe both the abelian and the nonabelian fractional quantum hall effects in graphene .  ⁇ n we extend the composite fermion chern - simons theory to the case of dirac particles attached to an even number of flux quanta through the chern - simons gauge field , which can be implemented by a unitary transformation .  ⁇ n we show that the abelian fractional quantum hall effect is a single - component laughlin state , and that the nonabelian fractional quantum hall effect is a multi - component halperin state with spin - valley degeneracy .  ⁇ n we also show that the nonabelian fractional quantum hall effect is a single - component halperin state , and that the nonabelian fractional quantum hall effect is a single - component halperin state .  ⁇ n we also show that the nonabelian fractional quantum hall effect is a single
b' we present a new method for solving the parquet equations for the hubbard model .  ⁇ n the method is based on the homotopy method , which is a generalization of the continuous loading method .  ⁇ 
b' we study a prototype system of coupled stochastic resonators under periodic modulation .  ⁇ n the model we propose allows to analytically calculate the weak - signal limits of two prominent stochastic - resonance quantities , spectral power amplification ( spa ) and signal - to - noise ratio ( snr ) , respectively .  ⁇ n the impact of the coupling on both quantities is studied .  ⁇ 
b' in this paper , we jointly optimize source precoder and relay forwarding matrix for mutual information maximization under channel estimation errors .  ⁇ n based on the properties of matrix - monotone functions , the optimal structure of robust transceivers is derived .  ⁇ n then , an iterative water - filling solution is proposed .  ⁇ n the numerical result shows the performance advantage of the proposed robust design . '
b' we present a systematic study of the deuteron and the scattering amplitude in the two - nucleon sector using a consistent effective field theory .  ⁇ n we find that the deuteron binding energy varies relatively little , and that the di - neutron system in the deuteron is unbound , over a relatively wide range of quark masses .  ⁇ n we also show that the deuteron is a good candidate for a new physics that could have significantly modified the deuteron at the time of big bang nucleosynthesis . '
b' we study the connection between microscopic chaos and diffusion in generalizations of models of diffusion due to lorentz and ehrenfest .  ⁇ n we consider three types of scatterers : circles , squares oriented such that their diagonals are parallel to the coordinate axes and with only four particle velocity directions , and squares of arbitrary orientations with arbitrary particle velocity directions as a generalization of the ehrenfest wind - tree model .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the flavour structure of the nucleon using the dirac and pauli form factors .  ⁇ n we find that the dirac and pauli form factors have a linear dependence on the proton magnetic moment , @xmath0 , and the up - quark form factor , @xmath1 .  ⁇ n the up - quark form factor shows a linear dependence on @xmath0 , while the down - quark form factor shows a linear dependence on @xmath2 .  ⁇ n we also find that the up - quark form factor shows a linear dependence on @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we also discuss the implications of our results for the flavour structure of the nucleon . '
b' opinion mining is a topic of interest in the nlp community .  ⁇ n it is well - known that the opinions expressed on a topic can be influential to readers in forming their opinions on some topic .  ⁇ n however , the majority of the authors work with representation of opinions according to their polarity , which means positive or negative evaluation of the meaning of the expressed opinion .  ⁇ n this paper presents a novel approach to opinion mining based on the bag - of - features method .  ⁇ n the performance achieved using different feature representation , classifiers and other text processing techniques is compared .  ⁇ n a few statistics on the forum posts on kajgana derived using opinion mining are presented . '
b' we consider discrete breathers ( db ) as transient transient structures which travel along the chain .  ⁇ n we distinguish between three types of db , characterized by their degree of localization , which can be found in the fermi - pasta - ulam dynamics .  ⁇ n we show that , in the case of the fermi - pasta - ulam system , the db of type i is weakly localized , and the db of type ii is strongly localized .  ⁇ n we also show that the db of type iii is strongly localized , and that the db of type iii is weakly localized .  ⁇ 
b' we report on absolute distance measurements with a frequency scanned interferometer ( fsi ) , carried out under controlled laboratory conditions .  ⁇ n absolute distance was determined by counting the interference fringes produced while scanning the laser frequency .  ⁇ n the measurement precision was 0.4 nm and 0.25 nm , respectively .  ⁇ 
b' we show that the photon , having a non vanishing momentum component orthogonal to a constant magnetic field , exhibits a magnetic moment along the external field , which is proportional to the electron anomalous magnetic moment .  ⁇ n this magnetic moment is obtained in the strong magnetic field limit for the photon and the photon - positronium mixed state when both particles are created in the landau ground state .  ⁇ n the magnetic moment is obtained in the strong magnetic field limit for the photon and the photon - positronium mixed state when both particles are created in the landau ground state . '
b' the taurus tunable filter ( ttf ) is a special type of fabry - perot interferometer incorporating three features that traditional astronomical fabry - perot instruments lack : ( 1 ) can move its parallel glass plates over a large range , ( 2 ) has anti - reflection coatings optimised over a broad range of wavelength
b' we investigate the energy loss of hard probes in a strongly coupled anisotropic holographic dual .  ⁇ n the energy loss of heavy probes is computed by a dilaton and an axion field linearly depending on an anisotropic factor .  ⁇ n the energy loss of heavy probes is found to be larger or smaller than the isotropic case depending on different velocities and orientations of the probes .  ⁇ n the anisotropic value of the jet quenching parameter is found to be enhanced or reduced when comparing to the isotropic value at equal temperature or at equal entropy density .  ⁇ n the anisotropic value of the jet quenching parameter is found to be larger or smaller than the isotropic value depending on different velocities and orientations of the probes .  ⁇ n the anisotropic value of the jet quenching parameter may be enhanced or reduced when comparing to the isotropic value at equal entropy density . '
b' in this paper , we develop receiver - based flow control policies for data networks .  ⁇ n we formulate a utility maximization problem that can assign utility to an aggregate of flows , of which the usual per - flow - based utility maximization is a special case .  ⁇ n we characterize the corresponding achievable throughput region in terms of queue overflow rates .  ⁇ n we also design a threshold - based packet dropping mechanism that discards data whenever queues grow beyond certain thresholds .  ⁇ n we show that our threshold - based packet dropping scheme , without the use
b' we study the motion of electrically charged particles near a rotating black hole .  ⁇ n we assume that the magnetic field arises from currents flowing far out in the accretion disk .  ⁇ n we show that the motion of ionized particles confined to regions of stable , off - equatorial motion is governed by the riemann curvature tensor .  ⁇ n we show that the resulting motion is chaotic .  ⁇ 
b' we report on the dispersion relations of a finger - shaped copper hydrogel - water interface .  ⁇ n the dispersion relations are analyzed using particle image velocimetry .  ⁇ 
b' we report the @xmath0c nmr spectra of ( tmttf)@xmath1scn , a quasi - one - dimensional quarter - filled electronic system .  ⁇ n the spectra exhibit a linewidth of @xmath2 , which is a factor of two higher than that of ( tmtsf)@xmath2 .  ⁇ n the nuclear spin lattice relaxation rates @xmath1 for different lines indicate that the charge - donating inner carbon site generates local and random potentials at the charge - donating inner carbon site .  ⁇ n the contrasting temperature dependence of the linewidth of the spectrum and nuclear spin lattice relaxation rates @xmath1 for distinct lines indicates that the anion ordering generates local and random potentials at the charge - donating inner carbon site .  ⁇ n our observations also suggest that charge transfer occurs within one unit cell in contrast to ( tmttf)@xmath2scn . '
b' we present a new method for removing the oh emission from near infrared integral field spectra .  ⁇ 
b' we study the possibility of cp violation in the higgs sector of the next - to - minimal supersymmetric standard model ( nmssm ) .  ⁇ n we find that the cp phase in the higgs potential of the nmssm is not necessarily a trivial one .  ⁇ n we also find that the cp phase in the higgs potential of the nmssm is not necessarily a trivial one .  ⁇ n we also find that the cp phase in the higgs potential of the nmssm is not necessarily a trivial one .  ⁇ n we also find that the cp phase in the higgs potential of the nmssm is not necessarily a trivial one .  ⁇ n we also find that the cp phase in the higgs potential of the nmssm is not necessarily a trivial one .  ⁇ n we also find that the cp phase in the higgs potential of the nmssm is not necessarily a trivia
b' we use the stretch method to fit the lightcurves of type ia supernovae ( sne ia ) .  ⁇ n we find that sne ia with broader lightcurves are intrinsically brighter than those with narrower lightcurves , and that sne ia with broader lightcurves are preferentially located in older stellar populations .  ⁇ n we use the two - component sn ia model of @xcite and the stretch distribution of each component from the supernova legacy survey ( snls ) to quantify the expected magnitude of this effect .  ⁇ n we find that the sn ia population whose rates are proportional to star formation will start to dominate the total sample of sne as cosmic star formation increases with redshift .  ⁇ n we then compare the predicted evolution in lightcurve stretch to sn distributions from the snls and the higher - z sn search .  ⁇ n we find that the sn ia population whose rates are proportion
b' we study the evolution of cooperation in the stag - hunt game on scale - free networks .  ⁇ n we show that the presence of spatial structure in the network promotes cooperation , and that the resulting cooperation is robust against intentional attack and error .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a new method for enhancing the precision of ramsey interferometry on interacting two - level ensembles .  ⁇ n the method takes advantage of the atomic interactions to suppress collective decay by transferring the atomic excitation to subradiant collective states .  ⁇ n we show that the method works in 3d regular lattices , where the sensitivity of the technique is @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we show that the method can be applied to @xmath1 noninteracting particles . '
b' the atlas experiment at lhc has measured the isolated prompt photon cross - section in the pseudorapidity range 2.5 .  ⁇ n the measurement is based on data collected in 2012 .  ⁇ n the results are presented .  ⁇ n the results are compared with the predictions of perturbative qcd . '
b' i discuss the possibility of a mechanism for the suppression of high @xmath0 hadrons in central heavy ion collisions .  ⁇ n this mechanism is based on the coalescence of a parton , which is a collective production mechanism .  ⁇ n i show that this mechanism can explain the observed suppression of high @xmath0 hadrons in central au+au collisions .  ⁇ n i also discuss the possibility of a mechanism for the suppression of high @xmath0 hadrons , namely recombination or coalescence . '
b' we present a new , unified , and unified cosmology based on the friedmann equation and the associated friedmann - lematre - robertson - walker metric .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the anisotropic flow of heavy symmetric nuclei in the centrality region of the sps .  ⁇ n we use a fourier expansion of the azimuthal distribution of particles to study the directed flow and the elliptic flow .  ⁇ n we find that the anisotropic flow is sensitive to the equation of state of the system .  ⁇ n we also discuss the role of the phase transition to qgp in the elliptic flow . '
b' we present the results of a vlbi monitoring program of agn jets in the northern sky .  ⁇ n the program , tanami , is a radio vlbi monitoring program of agn jets south of @xmath0 declination .  ⁇ 
b' zero - shot learning ( zsl ) is a type of ( multi - class ) classification problem , in which the classifier is given a set of known example - class label pairs ( training set ) , with the goal to predict the unknown labels of new examples ( test set ) .  ⁇ n however , in zsl , the labels for the test examples are not present in the training set .  ⁇ n this is not the case in standard settings , in which the classifier chooses a label among those observed in the training set .  ⁇ n moreover , in zsl , the number of class labels can be huge , and the number of class labels can be huge .  ⁇ n this is not the case in zsl , in which the labels for the test examples are not present in the training set .  ⁇ n moreover , in zsl , the number of class labels can be huge , and the number of class labels can be huge .  ⁇ n this is not the case in zsl , in which
b' we present rxte observations of the be / x - ray binaries bsd 24491 and l
b' i summarise the lively exchange of new ideas that ensued in the context of the _ ria workshop on stellar clusters and associations _ , held in october 2010 .  ⁇ 
b' we use the observed decline rate of type ii supernovae to study the impact of the decay of and internal energy deposited in the envelope by the shock that unbinds the star .  ⁇ n we find that the decay of is a significant source of the observed light curve , and that the decline rate of the cooling envelope emission is a significant factor .  ⁇ 
b' we report on the experimental study of the excitations of a one - dimensional bose gas in the presence of a laser grating .  ⁇ n we observe a measurable increase of energy as a function of the dynamical structure factor @xmath0 , which is compared with a recent theoretical analysis of finite - temperature effects in the lieb - liniger model .  ⁇ n the excellent agreement with the solution of the model demonstrates that both quasiparticle and quasihole modes with nonlinear dispersion relations contribute to the experimental correlation signals , in a regime that lies beyond the reach of luttinger liquid theory .  ⁇ n the origin of the measured spectra is discussed . '
b' we present a variational formulation of the least action principle for nonconservative subsystems of systems that are overall conservative .  ⁇ n we show that the effective least action principle for a system with adiabatic medium response is inapplicable if the medium response is not adiabatic .  ⁇ 
b' we study the dynamics of a convex @xmath0-body system in a high - dimensional plane .  ⁇ n we compute the full lyapunov spectrum and the ks entropy for different system sizes @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we find that the degree of hyperbolic instability is strongly affected by the defocusing mechanism .  ⁇ n we also investigate the effect of defocusing on the equilibration , damping and transport processes . '
b' we reconsider the light - quark axial - vector channel using the finite energy qcd sum rule .  ⁇ n we find that the @xmath0 resonance is a significant part of the @xmath0 spectral function .  ⁇ n the @xmath0 coupling and the hadronic width are fully consistent with a quark - gluon deconfinement parameter .  ⁇ n the @xmath0 coupling and the hadronic width are also consistent with a quark - gluon deconfinement parameter .  ⁇ n the results are in good agreement with the experimental data . '
b' the search for extra - terrestrial intelligence ( seti ) seeks evidence for life in the universe through the detection of observable signatures from technologies that are expected to bepossessed by advanced civilizations .  ⁇ n the goal of seti experiments is to detect signals that are intentionally aimed at broadcasting the civilization s existence to others , and/or signals that unintentionally leak from the civilization s communications system .  ⁇ n an open question is the frequency range over which to search for extra - terrestrial intelligence ( seti ) .  ⁇ n the most common suggestions are the 1420 mhz hydrogen line and multiples of 1420 mhz , including @xmath0420 mhz ( 4462.336275 mhz ) .  ⁇ n this paper explores the suitability of using very long baseline interferometry ( vlbi ) for targeted seti .  ⁇ n the target for this pilot study is the m - dwarf star gliese 581 ( gl581 ) , located 20 light - years ( ly )
b' we introduce an effective mass of carriers in a periodic potential .  ⁇ n the effective mass is defined as a quantity relating an external force to carrier s acceleration .  ⁇ n the velocity mass is a scalar for spherical nonparabolic energy bands @xmath0 , whereas the acceleration mass is not .  ⁇ n important applications of the velocity mass are indicated .  ⁇ n in addition , we briefly describe a  ⁇  semi - relativistic '' behavior of charge carriers in narrow - gap semiconductors including monolayer graphene .  ⁇ n this feature was discussed in the past but gained new significance with  ⁇  the rise of graphene '' and the advancement of zitterbewegung . '
b' we present results of 3d , time - dependent , radiative - hydrodynamics simulations of the surface convection of metal - poor halo stars hd140283 and hd84937 .  ⁇ n the results are compared with those of conventional 1d models .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new method for reducing noise in @xmath0-body simulations .  ⁇ n the method is based on the use of wavelets to de - noise simulations at each timestep .  ⁇ n the resulting improvement is of unprecedented level compared with classical techniques : wavelet de - noising makes the simulation equivalent to a simulation with two orders of magnitude more particles .  ⁇ n we provide convincing evidence that our wavelet method works so successfully by making a detailed prediction and carrying out three hard tests .  ⁇ n the prediction is based on the improvement in signal - to - noise ratio for initial models of disc galaxies .  ⁇ n the tests are devoted to probing the effects of both noise and wavelet de - noising on the simulations , with @xmath0 spanning two orders of magnitude .  ⁇ n specifically : 1 .  ⁇ n the fragmentation of a cool galactic disc , which is the onset of a gravitational instability , is artificially shortened in simulations with moderate @xmath0 , whereas
b' we investigate the effect of a circularly polarized electromagnetic field ( cpef ) on the plasmon excitations in graphene gapped by spin - orbit interaction ( soi ) and by a polar substrate .  ⁇ n we show that the cpef is able to induce a dynamic energy gap between the valence and conduction bands , which is a factor of two larger than the intrinsic gap due to soi .  ⁇ 
b' we analyse a fully tripartite entangled system in which one - sided device independent quantum key distribution ( 1sdi - qkd ) is available between two participants .  ⁇ n we show that for some cases , the participants can exchange secret keys which are not accessible to bob .  ⁇ n we also show that this is not possible in fully symmetric tripartite entangled systems . '
b' we present a theoretical model for the scattering of both neutral and charged excitons with electrons in gaas quantum wells .  ⁇ n the model is based on calculating the exciton - electron direct and exchange interaction matrix elements , from which we derive the exciton scattering rates .  ⁇ n these are integrated over all final excitonic states , resulting in the exciton linewidth due to scattering , as a function of its initial momentum ( or energy ) .  ⁇ n a major difference between the exciton and trion scattering lies in the charge of the latter , which results in a divergence of its matrix elements in the limit of zero transferred momentum .  ⁇ n this divergence , originating from the infinite range of the coulomb potential , is treated by applying the lindhard model for the potential screening .  ⁇ n the screening action complicates the trion linewidth dependence on the electron density , thus , while for a very dilute 2deg ( @xmath0 ) the trion linewidth due
b' we present a detailed analysis of the optical spectrum of rxj0806.3 + 1527 .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new data base for the study of the galactic globular clusters ( ggcs ) .  ⁇ n we have obtained a sample of 69 ggcs with @xmath0 , and have used it to obtain a photometric metallicity ranking scale .  ⁇ n we have also used this data base to obtain a photometric metallicity ranking scale based on the red giant branch morphology .  ⁇ n we have also used this data base to obtain a photometric metallicity ranking scale based on the red giant branch morphology .  ⁇ n we have also used this data base to obtain a photometric metallicity ranking scale based on the red giant branch morphology .  ⁇ n we have also used this data base to obtain a photometric metallicity ranking scale based on the red giant branch morphology .  ⁇ n we have also measured a complete set of metallicity indices based on the morphology and position of the red giant branch .  ⁇ n we have used this function to reproduce the whole set of ggc rg
b' we study the classical and quantum signatures of chaos in a square billiard rotating about one of its corners .  ⁇ n we show that this system goes from regular to chaotic with change in rotational frequency @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we also study the nearest - neighbour level spacing distribution and the nature of wavefunctions .  ⁇ n we show that the wavefunction statistics shows transition from regular to chaotic motion and also reveals the time reversal symmetry breaking .  ⁇ n we also show that the time reversal symmetry is broken . '
b' we present a brief overview of the field of spin transfer torques .  ⁇ 
b' we review the evolutionary properties of type ib / c progenitors , focusing on the case of single and binary evolution .  ⁇ n we emphasize that each case has its own unique prediction that can be in principle well tested by observations .  ⁇ n we also discuss the implications of our results on the evolution of massive stars . '
b' i study a fixed - energy sandpile with a height restriction .  ⁇ n the model is a representative of a broader universality class that includes manna s stochastic sandpile , the conserved lattice gas , and the conserved threshold transfer process .  ⁇ 
b' the color structure of baryons and mesons is studied in the framework of quark model .  ⁇ n the color structure of baryons and mesons is analyzed .  ⁇ 
b' we present a setup for remote state preparation ( rsp ) of a quantum state encoded on the path degree of freedom of one of the photons of a polarization - entangled pair .  ⁇ n the use of the path qubit allows for implementation of a controlled - not ( c - not ) gate , which is indeed a universal gate .  ⁇ n we test the setup exploring several trajectories within the surface and the volume of the bloch sphere , and we measure the average fidelity of the qt process for pure states .  ⁇ n we measure the average fidelity of the qt process for pure states , performing standard quantum process tomography . '
b' we introduce three forms of generalized contractive systems ( gcss ) .  ⁇ n these are motivated by requiring to take place only after arbitrarily small transients in time and/or amplitude .  ⁇ n these are motivated by requiring to take place only after arbitrarily small transients in time and/or amplitude .  ⁇ n we provide several sufficient conditions for a system to be a gcs .  ⁇ n these conditions are checkable , and we demonstrate their usefulness using examples of systems that are _ not _ contractive with respect to any norm , yet are gcss . '
b' we present a general approach to the study of heat and work in open quantum systems .  ⁇ 
b' we present a method to analyze the azimuthal distributions of particles in relativistic nuclear collisions .  ⁇ n the method is based on the fourier expansion method .  ⁇ n the fourier coefficients of different harmonics reflect different types of anisotropy ( transverse collective flow ) .  ⁇ n we study the fluctuations due to finite particle multiplicity .  ⁇ n we discuss correlation between different windows and different harmonics .  ⁇ n we also discuss the relation to other existing methods . '
b' we present a comprehensive comparison of the predictions of jordan brans dicke theory to current observational data .  ⁇ n we use wmap and other cmb data plus the galaxy power spectrum measured by the two - degree field galaxy redshift survey .  ⁇ 
b' we present a hierarchic analysis of chaotic scattering in hill s problem .  ⁇ n the scattering function is a slightly different function , giving the dependence of the dwell time on the initial conditions , combined with a careful examination of scattering orbits .  ⁇ n this method has recently been applied to a simple model of chemical reactions making properties of the hierarchic organization clear in that problem .  ⁇ n we discuss the consequences of our findings including the possible use of the hierarchic information in the calculation of average quatities in hill s problem or other models exhibiting chaotic scattering . '
b' we present a tunable reentrant cavity resonator , which consists of a cylindrical cavity and a post .  ⁇ n the position of the post was adjusted along the cylindrical axis of the resonator by a fine screw mechanism .  ⁇ n the field structure of the reentrant cavity was dramatically transformed from the standard @xmath0 mode in an empty cylinder to the fundamental tm mode of reentrant cavity .  ⁇ 
b' we report the first x - ray detection of the wolf - rayet star wr 48a .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a novel vector quantization ( vq ) model for fast nearest neighbor search .  ⁇ n vq models are based on a stacked quantization model , which performs a @xmath0-means clustering to each residual vector , and then recursively apply vq models to the residuals of the previous quantization level .  ⁇ n we first propose a new global optimization solution to the problem of cluster misalginment and noise increase over each level .  ⁇ n we then propose a new global optimization solution to the problem of cluster misalginment and noise increase over each level .  ⁇ 
b' we use _ hst _ wfc3 grism imaging to select progenitors of milky way - like star forming galaxies ( sfgs ) .  ⁇ n we use the stellar mass growth inferred from the evolution of the star forming sequence to study the structural evolution of sfgs as they grow in mass .  ⁇ 
b' we construct the mutation fan and universal geometric coefficients for a skew - symmetrizable integer matrix @xmath0 associated to tagged triangulations of marked surfaces .  ⁇ n the mutation fan is equivalent to constructing a universal extended exchange matrix over @xmath0 by specifying a collection of coefficient rows .  ⁇ n we show that the mutation fan is equivalent to the rational part of the mutation fan if and only if the surface has a property that we call the curve separation property .  ⁇ n we also construct universal geometric coefficients for a smaller family of surfaces . '
b' we present a theoretical study of the unbound resonance states of neutron - unbound nuclei .  ⁇ n the unbound state energy is reproduced by using supersymmetric quantum mechanics .  ⁇ n the unbound state energy is reproduced without any modification in the constructed microscopic potential .  ⁇ n the unbound state energy is also reproduced . '
b' we consider the combinatorial game flood - it , played on a vertex - coloured graph .  ⁇ n the original game is played on a board consisting of an @xmath0 grid of coloured squares , each square given a colour from some fixed colour - set .  ⁇ n a move then consists of picking a vertex and a colour , and giving all vertice
b' we study the effect of damping of the molecular motion by emission of phonons into the substrates .  ⁇ n we assume that the tunneling rate is much smaller than the rate of relaxation to other degrees of freedom .  ⁇ n we derive a general formula for the @xmath0-@xmath1-@xmath2-@xmath3-@xmath3-@xmath3-@xmath3-@xmath3-@xmath3-@xmath3-@xmath3-@xmath3-@xmath3-@xmath3-@xmath3-@xmath3-@xmath3-@xmath3-@xmath3-@xmath3-@xmath3-@xmath3-@xmath3-@xmath3-@xmath3-@xmath3-@xmath3-@xmath3-@xmath3-@xmath3-@xmath3-@xmat
b' we consider the effect of cp violation on neutralino annihilation and scattering cross sections in the minimal supersymmetric standard model .  ⁇ n we consider the case where the soft trilinear coupling @xmath0 of the higgs fields to the scalar fermions is complex , and we consider the case where the soft trilinear coupling @xmath1 is a complex number .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a model to explain the bright / hard state of galactic black hole candidates ( bhcs ) .  ⁇ n the model is based on the idea that the heating rate from protons to electrons via the coulomb collision balances the radiative cooling rate of inverse compton scattering .  ⁇ n the x - ray spectrum in the bright / hard state is described by a hard power - law with a high energy cutoff at @
b' we generalize the concept of orange slice shaped path to the non - abelian geometric phase ( gp ) in non - adiabatic evolution .  ⁇ n the resulting non - abelian gp can be used for universal non - adiabatic holonomic single - qubit gates .  ⁇ n the resulting gp can be used to realize a single - qubit phase shift gate . '
b' we derive novel stability and stabilization conditions for linear positive impulsive systems using the concepts of arbitrary , constant , minimum , maximum and range dwell - times .  ⁇ n the conditions are derived from a generalized kalman - yakubovich - popov lemma and a generalized kalman - yakubovich - popov lemma .  ⁇ 
b' the dama / libra experiment is presently running .  ⁇ n it is aimed to investigate the presence of dark matter particles in the galactic halo by exploiting the model independent dm annual modulation signature .  ⁇ n the sensitivity to dm particles in the galactic halo is mainly restricted to candidates inducing nuclear recoils and/or electromagnetic radiation .  ⁇ n the sensitivity is mainly restricted to candidates inducing just nuclear recoils and/or astrophysical scenarios .  ⁇ n the dm annual modulation signature is very effective since it must only be found in a well defined low energy range where dm particle induced events can be present ; it must only apply to those events in which only one detector of many ( 9 in dama / nai and 25 in dama / libra ) actually  ⁇  fires '' ( _ single - hit _ events ) ; it must only apply to those events in which only one detector of many ( 9 in dama / nai and 25 in dam
b' we show that the uncertainty of the photocount , quantified by its variance , depends on both the number of modes and on the spectral properties and quantum correlations of the radiation field .  ⁇ n we also show that the effect of multi - frequency multi - frequency radiation is most pronounced neither at the limit of large or short times but in the intermediate regime .  ⁇ n we show that this regime is precisely the regime used in modern optical lithography . '
b' we investigate the coulomb blockade effect in graphene based quantum dots .  ⁇ n the coulomb blockade oscillations are observed in the conductance of the quantum dot carved in graphene sheet .  ⁇ n the coulomb blockade oscillations are characterized by the coulomb repulsion and the mean - dot level spacing .  ⁇ n the coulomb blockade oscillations are characterized by the resonant peak in the linear conductance .  ⁇ n the resonant peak is shifted by the coulomb repulsion and the mean - dot level spacing .  ⁇ n the resonant peak is shifted by the coulomb repulsion .  ⁇ n the resonant peak is shifted by the mean - dot level spacing .  ⁇ n the resonant peak is shifted by the coulomb repulsion .  ⁇ n the resonant peak is shifted by the mean - dot level spacing .  ⁇ n the resonant peak is shifted
b' we present a study of the h@xmath0 emission from the impulsive phase of a solar flare .  ⁇ n the hard x - ray and h@xmath1 emissions are analysed in the h@xmath1 line .  ⁇ n the hard x - ray and h@xmath1 emissions are compared with the h@xmath1 emission .  ⁇ 
b' we study the stability of thin - shell lorentzian wormholes associated to a string cloud and a global monopole .  ⁇ n we show that the amount of exotic matter required for the construction of the wormhole can be made infinitesimally small by suitably choosing the geometry .  ⁇ n we also show that the stability of the configuration under perturbations preserving the original symmetry is also improved .  ⁇ n pacs numbers : 04.20.dw , 04.20.dw , 04.20.gz '
b' we investigate the convergence properties of the a7 @xmath0 sc transition of arsenic , a semi - metal , under ambient pressure .  ⁇ n we find that the lda and gga functionals perform better than the lda and gga functionals , with the lda achieving a better convergence .  ⁇ n we also find that the lda and gga functionals perform better than the lda , with the lda achieving a better convergence .  ⁇ n we also find that the lda and gga functionals perform better than the lda , with the lda achieving a better convergence .  ⁇ n we also find that the lda and gga functionals perform better than the lda and gga functionals , with the lda achieving a better convergence .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the effects of microwave ( mw ) fields on ferromagnetic resonance ( fmr ) in patterned normal metal ( nm ) structures .  ⁇ n we show that eddy - current effects can have a significant impact on the fmr excitation even in very thin metallic fm , determined by the sample and mw field geometry .  ⁇ n the induced mw fields from eddy currents can partially compensate the applied mw field , effectively screening the fm layer in selected parts of the sample .  ⁇ n we provide evidence that this enables the excitation of spin wave modes with non - zero wave vectors ( @xmath0 ) , in contrast to the uniform @xmath1 mode normally excited in fmr experiments .  ⁇ n we also show that the induced mw fields can partially compensate the applied mw field , effectively screening the fm layer in selected parts of the sample .  ⁇ n we also show that the induced mw fields can partially compensate the applied mw field
b' we study the formation of long - range temporal cavity solitons ( css ) in a coherently , externally driven , nonlinear passive resonator .  ⁇ n we show that a universal mechanism , based on the lugiato - lefever equation , can explain the formation of such cs bound states .  ⁇ n we also present measurements of kelly - like sidebands arising from the periodicity of the cavity , as well as birefringence of the resonator .  ⁇ n we demonstrate the universality of the mechanism by analyzing the formation of cs bound states mediated by dispersive waves ( dws ) emitted by temporal css perturbed by high - order dispersion .  ⁇ n we also present additional measurements of cs bound states mediated by kelly - like sidebands arising from the periodicity of the resonator , as well as birefringence of the resonator . '
b' we present a detailed analysis of the x - ray spectra of the brightest and nearby rs cvn binary systems obtained with _ xmm - newton _ and _ chandra _ .  ⁇ 
b' in this paper , we propose a generalised model of blind interference alignment ( bia ) in a heterogeneous network , where there is one macrocell with @xmath0 users and @xmath0 femtocells with one user each .  ⁇ n the dof that can be achieved in both tiers of the network is presented .  ⁇ n moreover , we introduce a new description of the bia model using a kronecker product representation .  ⁇ n finally , we discuss how to vary parameters of the model to maximize sum rate , extending the ideas of [ 8]-[9 ] , and demonstrating optimality in the sum rate sense . '
b' the hydrodynamics of a vertically floating cylinder is investigated .  ⁇ n the cylinder is allowed to move in heave , as well as to move in sway and roll .  ⁇ n the spectral description of the sea surface allows one to derive values for the significant displacements of the wec , and thus add a measure of survivability to the design considerations .  ⁇ n finally , an illustrative grading system can be devised to categorize the various performance metrics of the self - reacting wecs . '
b' we investigate the adsorption and absorption of b , n , al and p atoms on the surface of pristine free - standing silicene .  ⁇ n we find that the adsorbed b , n and p atoms are strongly bonded to the underlying silicene , attached to its surface but also penetrated into the silicene .  ⁇ n the adsorption of b , n and p atoms is found to be strongly correlated with the underlying silicene .  ⁇ n the adsorption of b , n and p atoms is found to be asymmetric with respect to the silicene surface .  ⁇ n the adsorption of b , n and p atoms is found to be asymmetric with respect to the silicene surface .  ⁇ n the adsorption of b , n and p atoms is found to be asymmetric with respect to the silicene surface .  ⁇ 
b' we construct a general scalar inflationary theory containing a stationary point of order @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we show that the stationary point picture is equivalent to the @xmath2-attractor formulation .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new model for the 3-d geometry of a coronal loop .  ⁇ n the model is based on a nonlinear force - free field ( nlfff ) model , which is a generalization of the nlfff model .  ⁇ n the model is a generalization of the nlfff model , which is based on the assumption that the magnetic field is a constant , i.e. , a constant , i.e. , a constant , i.e. , a constant , i.e. , a constant , i.e. , a constant , i.e. , a constant , i.e. , a constant , i.e. , a constant , i.e. , a constant , i.e. , a constant , i.e. , a constant , i.e. , a constant , 
b' this paper presents a new and effective model for the power line communication ( plc ) network .  ⁇ n the main focus is on the in - home siso and mimo scenarios .  ⁇ n the main goal is to develop a simple and effective top - down model , suitable for any siso or mimo plc scenario .  ⁇ n the modeling strategy is initially described for the siso case .  ⁇ n afterwards , it is extended to the mimo context .  ⁇ n both the procedures are validated through numerical results .  ⁇ 
b' we present a large - scale monte carlo , least - squared parameter survey of the light - travel - time ( ltt ) model of the eclipsing binary hu aquarii .  ⁇ n we find that the ltt model best describes the complete timing data set while also being conform with orbital stability requirements .  ⁇ n we also extend the models by @xcite to systems that also allow the inner planet to attain an eccentric orbit .  ⁇ n our results suggest that two - planet ltt models in general tend to produce orbits with higher eccentricities which are likely unstable . '
b' we present a monte carlo simulation of the interaction of a hard parton with a thermal medium .  ⁇ n we assume that the medium is a thermal gas of quasi - free quarks and gluons and that the interaction of the hard parton with the medium is incoherent in leading - order pqcd .  ⁇ n we assume that the medium is characterized by a 3-dimensional hydrodynamical description of the medium .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new eulerian code for the calculation of the thermodynamics of the intergalactic medium .  ⁇ n we use it to study the formation of zeldovich pancakes .  ⁇ n we introduce three temperatures to describe the thermodynamic evolution of electrons , ions and neutral particles .  ⁇ n we also model electronic conduction with a flux - limited diffusion scheme .  ⁇ n we show that , in the general case , a complex structure forms , with a thermal wave escaping out of the shocked region together with an equipartition wave where electrons and ions temperatures can differ significantly .  ⁇ n we also discuss the rle of various parameters , such as the baryons density parameter , the wavelength of the initial perturbation and the pancake collapse epoch .  ⁇ n we also discuss the rle of various parameters , such as the baryon density parameter , the wavelength of the initial perturbation and the pancake collapse epoch . '
b' we study the subjet structure of the inclusive @xmath0 algorithm in hadron collisions .  ⁇ n we use a recombination scheme to define the angular extent of the jets , and use this to define the angular extent of the subjets .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a hadronic model for the extra spectral component of grb 090510 , which is present only in the prompt emission between 0.5 s and 1.0 s after the trigger time .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new algorithm for the reconstruction of low @xmath0 charged and neutral hadrons , using only the silicon pixel layers .  ⁇ n the algorithm uses the modified hit triplet finding and cleaning procedures .  ⁇ n the reconstruction is performed on 25 000 minimum bias pp events , reconstructed with the modified hit triplet finding .  ⁇ 
b' we study the formation of the first baryonic objects in a cosmological model in which dark matter is warm , rather than cold .  ⁇ n we consider a model with @xmath0 cold dark matter ( cdm ) and a @xmath0 warm dark matter ( wdm ) universe , and compare the results for the two models .  ⁇ n we find that the wdm model is incompatible with the _ wmap _ data , and that the wdm model is incompatible with the _ wmap _ data .  ⁇ n we also find that the wdm model is incompatible with the _ wmap _ data , and that the wdm model is incompatible with the _ wmap _ data .  ⁇ n we also find that the wdm model is incompatible with the _ wmap _ data , and that the wdm model is incompatible with the _ wmap _ data .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of keck ii spectroscopy of the pre - main - sequence star haro 1 - 14c .  ⁇ n the spectroscopic binary is a single - lined spectroscopic binary ( sb1 ) with a period of 591 days .  ⁇ 
b' the vortex interface interaction between the superfluid phases in neutron stars is studied .  ⁇ n the vortex interface is characterized by a vortex lattice at the boundary of the superfluid phase .  ⁇ 
b' we study the dynamics of a two dimensional uniaxial spin system with competing short range ferromagnetic @xmath0 and long range antiferromagnetic dipolar @xmath1 interactions .  ⁇ n we show that the system is characterized by a phase diagram in which the magnetic moments are oriented perpendicular to the plane of the film .  ⁇ n we analyze the relaxation properties of the system when it is quenched from a disordered state to a subcritical temperature , depending on the relative strengths of the dipolar and exchange interactions .  ⁇ n we show that the presence of metastable states ( i.e. , metastable states ) can drastically affect the far - from equilibrium dynamical properties of the system .  ⁇ n we also study the growth of the domains and the coarsening dynamics of the system when it is quenched from a disordered state to a subcritical temperature .  ⁇ 
b' we extend the t hooft model to 1 + 3 dimensions , and discuss the phenomenology of deep inelastic scattering .  ⁇ 
b' the foundation of quantum mechanics ( qm ) is analyzed .  ⁇ n the qm is viewed as a kind of information processing theory , and the qm is viewed as a kind of information processing theory .  ⁇ n the qm is regarded as a kind of information processing theory , and the qm is viewed as a kind of information processing theory .  ⁇ n the qm is regarded as a kind of information processing theory , and the qm is viewed as a kind of information processing theory .  ⁇ n the qm is viewed as a kind of information processing theory , and the qm is viewed as a kind of information processing theory .  ⁇ n the qm is viewed as a kind of information processing theory , and the qm is viewed as a kind of information processing theory .  ⁇ n the qm is viewed as a kind of information processing theory , and the qm is viewed as a kind of information processing theory .  ⁇ n the q
b' we present a novel mechanism for disorder - induced strong three dimensional localization of photonic modes in planar microcavities .  ⁇ n the mechanism is based on the randomness in the positions , compositions and sizes of quantum dots .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the integrated spectra of normal galaxies , using a standard statistical technique , principal component analysis ( pca ) .  ⁇ n we find that the spectral sequence of normal galaxies correlates strongly with the hubble morphological sequence .  ⁇ n we also show that the projections of the mean spectra binned in 5 morphological groups preserve , over the spectral sequence , the same ranking of the hubble morphological sequence .  ⁇ n we conclude that the spectral sequence correlates strongly with the hubble morphological sequence . '
b' we present a study of the light induced erosion of solid bodies in protoplanetary disks .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the extent to which current large scale structure data sets are consistent with the underlying assumptions of isotropy and homogeneity .  ⁇ n we use the 2mass extended source catalogue to construct the luminosity function of galaxies in the local universe .  ⁇ 
b' we study the transport properties of two - dimensional topological insulators , focusing on the case of a single valley , centered around different symmetry - related positions in reciprocal space .  ⁇ n we show that the transport properties of these systems can be described in terms of a long - wavelength effective hamiltonian , a form suitable to describe the vast majority of the transport phenomena that are measured experimentally .  ⁇ n we also show that the transport properties of these systems can be described in terms of a long - wavelength effective hamiltonian . '
b' we study the photoproduction of single - inclusive charged hadrons , prompt photons , and drell - yan dimuons at hera .  ⁇ n we show that the sensitivity to the parton distributions of the unpolarized proton and of the photon is improved by a factor of two compared to the case of jets .  ⁇ 
b' we have used a photometric metallicity calibration to derive the relation between the strmgren indices and the x - ray luminosity of a sample of nearby stars .  ⁇ n we have used a levenberg - marquardt algorithm to find the coefficients for a general third - order polynomial relating [ fe / h ] to the strmgren indices .  ⁇ 
b' we study the impact of neutrino oscillations on the event rates of solar neutrinos .  ⁇ n we consider the case of neutrinos propagating in constant electron number densities , and we consider the case of neutrinos propagating in constant electron number densities .  ⁇ n we find that , in the case of neutrinos propagating in constant electron number densities , the event rates of solar neutrinos are significantly affected by neutrino oscillations .  ⁇ n we also consider the case of neutrinos propagating in constant electron number densities .  ⁇ n we find that , in the case of neutrinos propagating in constant electron number densities , the event rates of solar neutrinos are significantly affected by neutrino oscillations .  ⁇ n we also find that , in the case of neutrinos propagating in constant electron number densities , the event rates of solar neutrinos are significantly affected by neutrino oscillations .  ⁇ n we also find that , in the case of neutrinos propagating in constant electron number densities
b' we consider a quantum game in which players strategies are unitary transformations on a quantum state .  ⁇ n we show that a nash equilibrium exists for a given strategy pair if and only if the bell s inequality is violated .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the low - temperature properties of the spin-1 antiferromagnetic heisenberg chain with bond - alternation ( s1ba ) .  ⁇ n we find that the low - temperature behavior of the uniform susceptibility is close to what is expected at the gapless point .  ⁇ n this indicates that s1ba can explain the low - temperature properties of [  ⁇ n i(333-tet)(@xmath1-n@xmath2) ⁇ @xmath3(clo@xmath4)@xmath5 ( 333-tet = tetraamine @xmath6-bis(3-aminopropyl)-1,3-propanediamine ) . '
b' we present a new model for the description of high energy hadronic collisions , based on the phenomenological dpmjet , qgsjet - ii and epos models .  ⁇ n the model is based on the phenomenological qgsjet - ii and epos models .  ⁇ n the model is compared with the available data on secondary particle production in the fragmentation region .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the relationship between nuclear activity and star formation rate ( sf ) in galaxies pairs .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the interaction between dark matter and dark energy in the framework of the holographic dark energy model .  ⁇ n we find that the dark energy density is close to the observed value , and the dark matter density is close to the observed value .  ⁇ n we also find that the dark energy density is close to the observed value .  ⁇ n we also find that the dark energy density is close to the observed value . '
b' we present a new analysis of the be abundances in the sun .  ⁇ 
b' we study the product of horizon areas for a generalized area of a black hole in four and higher dimensions .  ⁇ n we show that , in the case of a generalized area , the product of horizon areas is independent of the black hole mass and depends only on the quantized charges .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed analysis of the thermonuclear explosion of a white dwarf star .  ⁇ n the explosion process is modeled by a combination of hydrodynamics , turbulence modelling and treatment of nuclear reactions .  ⁇ 
b' we consider two related tasks : domain adaptation ( da ) and multitask learning ( mtl ) .  ⁇ n both involve learning related hypotheses on multiple data sets .  ⁇ n in da , we learn multiple classifiers for solving the _ same problem _ over data from different distributions .  ⁇ n in mtl , we learn multiple classifiers for solving _ different problems _ over data from the _ same distribution_. in mtl , we learn multiple classifiers for solving _ different problems _ over data from the _ same distribution_. we propose two hierarchical models with latent hierarchies , one for da and one for mtl ( the models are nearly identical ) .  ⁇ n we treat the hierarchy nonparametrically , employing kingman s coalescent .  ⁇ n we derive an em algorithm that makes use of recently developed efficient inference algorithms for the coalescent .  ⁇ n we show the efficacy of our model on several da and mtl problems .  ⁇ 
b' we study compositions of firmly nonexpansive mappings .  ⁇ n we prove that the picard iterates of a firmly nonexpansive mapping converge weakly to a fixed point , whenever the fixed point set is nonempty .  ⁇ 
b' we present a simple analytically solvable model for electron transfer in a porphyrin - quinone complex .  ⁇ n the model is based on the density matrix formalism and is applied to a porphyrin - quinone complex .  ⁇ 
b' we study the optical response of a high - numerical - aperture ( high - na ) beam incident on a metal nanoparticle ( np ) .  ⁇ n we derive analytical expressions for the scattering and extinction cross sections and for the average intensity enhancement in the near field .  ⁇ n we show that the difference in the multipole content of a high - na beam compared to a plane wave ( pw ) causes a modification of the plasmon spectrum , especially when the np exhibits resonances of order higher than the dipolar one .  ⁇ n we also present results for gold and silver nps with a 100 nm aperture . '
b' we consider perturbations of static , spherically symmetric , planar and hyperbolic hairy black holes in asymptotically flat or asymptotically ( anti- ) de sitter spacetimes in which a scalar field is minimally coupled to gravity .  ⁇ n we prove the mode stability with respect to general perturbations in the odd - parity sector .  ⁇ n we also prove the stability of the bocharova - bronnikov - melnikov - bekenstein black hole with a scalar field . '
b' we present a detailed description of the methods used in the calculation of the @xmath0 corrections to the total semileptonic decay width of the @xmath1quark at maximal recoil .  ⁇ n the method is based on the qcd sum rules and the renormalization group equations .  ⁇ n the results are compared with the previous results at zero recoil .  ⁇ n the results are compared with the experimental data .  ⁇ n the phenomenological relevance of the results is discussed . '
b' we present a gauge model for dark matter based on a su(3 ) symmetry .  ⁇ n the model is compatible with the wmap data and with the recent measurements of the cosmic microwave background .  ⁇ n the model also provides a new weakly interacting massive gauge boson which couples the different sectors and , in this way , provides the link between dark and ordinary matter .  ⁇ n the model is compatible with big bang nucleosynthesis and with the experimental bounds on the cross sections for the interaction with ordinary matter . '
b' we investigate the structure of a uniform jet in which the lorentz factor is constant throughout the jet .  ⁇ n we find that the observed break in the afterglow light curve of a sample of grbs with observed afterglows is consistent with a uniform jet model .  ⁇ 
b' we study the possibility of detecting the hidden - sector photon ( @
b' we present a detailed analysis of the lhc and ilc data on the scalar and scalar mass parameters in minimal supergravity , a left - right symmetric extension and a string effective theory .  ⁇ 
b' the cosmic microwave background ( cmb ) is a powerful probe of fundamental physics , and is a powerful tool for studying the physics of the early universe .  ⁇ 
b' the dynamic behavior of the costas loop and its relatives is described .  ⁇ n the main purpose of this paper is to derive analytically all relevant acquisition parameters of the costas loop .  ⁇ n the obtained results enables the designer to determine the lock - in and pull - in ranges , and to estimate the duration of the corresponding acquisition processes .  ⁇ n the obtained results are only approximations , in some cases rather crude approximations .  ⁇ n pacs numbers : 73.23.-a , 73.23.-a , 73.23.-a '
b' we present the results of a near - infrared survey of extremely red objects ( eros ) , a population of objects with redder optical - infrared colors than late type galaxies .  ⁇ n the eros were selected by the sloan digital sky survey ( sdss ) , and compared with the corresponding sample of elliptical galaxies at @xmath0 .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of the photonuclear production of @xmath0 mesons in @xmath1 fusion and @xmath2-@xmath2 ultra - peripheral collisions at @xmath3 gev / c .  ⁇ n the photonuclear @xmath1 production is accompanied by coulomb excitation of the ions .  ⁇ n the photonuclear @xmath1 production is accompanied by coulomb excitation of the ions .  ⁇ n the photonuclear @xmath1 production is accompanied by coulomb excitation of the ions .  ⁇ n the photonuclear @xmath1 production is accompanied by coulomb excitation of the ions .  ⁇ n the photonuclear @xmath1 production is accompanied by coulomb excitation of the ions .  ⁇ n the photonuclear @xmath1 production is accompanied by coulomb excitation of the ions .  ⁇ n the photonuclear @xmat
b' we present the asteroseismology study for hs0507 + 0434b , a dav star with a homogeneous core composition .  ⁇ n the asteroseismology study is based on the asteroseismology model .  ⁇ n the asteroseismology model is based on the asteroseismology model .  ⁇ n the asteroseismology model is based on the asteroseismology model .  ⁇ n the asteroseismology model is based on the asteroseismology model .  ⁇ n the asteroseismology model is based on the asteroseismology model .  ⁇ n the asteroseismology model is based on the asteroseismology model .  ⁇ n the asteroseismology model is based on the asteroseismology model .  ⁇ n the asteroseismology model is based on the asteroseismology model .  ⁇ 
b' we study the possibility of detecting dark - matter sterile neutrinos in the early universe .  ⁇ n we consider the possibility of detecting sterile neutrinos with masses of several kev and a small mixing with ordinary neutrinos .  ⁇ n we find that the sterile neutrino can be detected by x - ray telescopes .  ⁇ n we also discuss the possibility of detecting sterile neutrinos with masses of several kev and a small mixing with ordinary neutrinos . '
b' we present the results of computation of the ion production rate and corresponding ionization effect in the atmosphere during the ground level enhancement of the gle 59 on 14 july 2000 .  ⁇ n the results are based on a full target model , based on the knowledge of high - energy interactions and nuclear processes .  ⁇ 
b' i discuss three topics which superficially would look unrelated but in essence can be connected by the general theme of cheshire cat .  ⁇ n i will first look at two - nucleon systems in terms of macroscopic variables of qcd , namely hadrons ; i then go back to an elementary hadron , in particular the proton and examine its microscopic structure by punching a hole in the proton and then putting quarks and gluons of the appropriate quantum numbers inside and argue that there is a continuity in the descriptions in terms of hadronic variables and in terms of quark - gluon variables .  ⁇ n finally the continuity of quarks and hadrons at high density will be described in terms of qualitons quark solitons . '
"b"" we investigate the critical behavior of ensemble of @xmath0 torus knots .  ⁇ n we show that the critical behavior occurs in the space of fugacities , and in the space of fugacities .  ⁇ n we derive an explicit expression for the free energy in the random walks problem for the  ⁇  area+length+corners '' statistics , which provides the very nontrivial phase structure in the three - dimensional space of fugacities .  ⁇ n in the generic case we find a cascade of phase transitions and in the degenerate cases we reproduce the previously known results .  ⁇ n we also discuss the relation between the  ⁇  equivariant localization '' approach and the nekrasov partition function in susy gauge theory . """
b' we study the nonlinear force between two point charges in the signum - gordon model .  ⁇ n we show that the point charges are totally screened by a cloud of the scalar field .  ⁇ n this cloud is easily seen for a single charge .  ⁇ n the case of two or more charges situated not too far from each other is much more difficult .  ⁇ n we have found this shape , as well as an integral formula for the scalar field forming the cloud .  ⁇ n these results are used in order to derive the exact formula for the force between the two identical charges .  ⁇ n the force completely vanishes when the distance between the charges exceeds a certain critical value .  ⁇ n pacs numbers : 11.30.rd , 11.30.rd , 11.30.rd '
b' we present a new fokker - planck treatment of the collisional relaxation of stars in the gravitational field of a massive black hole .  ⁇ n the theory is based on the concept of a _ loss cone _ , the region of phase space corresponding to stars with sufficienly low angular momenta to be captured by the hole .  ⁇ 
b' we present a census of the youngest star clusters in the local group .  ⁇ 
b' we study the coherent transmission of photons in a coupled resonator optical waveguide ( crow ) with homogeneous couplings , where each cavity is doped to a two - level artificial atom .  ⁇ n the two - time retarded green function for photons is calculated in the weak - coupling case .  ⁇ n its poles predict the exact dispersion relation , according to which the group velocity can be coherently controlled by the collective excitation of the doping atoms .  ⁇ n we emphasize the role of the population inversion of the total doping atoms , which is induced by some polarization or pump mechanism .  ⁇ n the dispersion relation exhibits some exotic features such as the compressed photonic bandwidth . '
b' a numerical method for solving the self - gravitating forces in cartesian and polar coordinates is proposed .  ⁇ n the method is of linear complexity , without artificial boundary conditions , and near second order accuracy .  ⁇ n the accuracy of the proposed method is verified by a family of finite disks ( e.g. , @xmath0 disk ) and a disk of a pair of spirals .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new method of transmission through a plasma sheath .  ⁇ n the method is based on the nonlinear response of the plasma to a low frequency signal .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a detailed study of the afterglows of grbs .  ⁇ n we find that the afterglows of grb050730 , grb060418 and grb050922c are very complex , featuring several systems at different redshifts .  ⁇ 
b' we compute the differential second moment of the azimuthal momentum distribution in a lorentz - covariant boltzmann transport theory .  ⁇ n we use the parton subdivision technique to ensure lorentz covariance .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a scheme to generate entanglement between two mechanical oscillators in an optomechanical cavity by injecting broad band squeezed vacuum light and laser light into the cavity .  ⁇ n we show that the entanglement can be modulated by the squeezing parameter of the input light .  ⁇ n we also show that the entanglement can be modulated by the squeezing parameter of the input light .  ⁇ n we also show that the entanglement can be modulated by the squeezing parameter of the input light . '
b' we describe the sdss software , a public domain software engineering system , which has been used to obtain a large database of spectra , a large format imaging camera , and a large format spectrograph .  ⁇ n the sdss is currently in operational mode , and has imaged some 1600 .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate a scenario of static agents ( sensors , individuals with wi - fi devices , etc . ) joining and leaving the network .  ⁇ n our scenario is based on the following three assumptions : ( i ) only new agents and neighbors of an agent leaving the network create new links .  ⁇ n ( ii ) the power consumption of each agent is , for fairness and practical reasons , to be restricted .  ⁇ n ( iii ) the agents are localized with uniform randomness over the unit square .  ⁇ n we evaluate different attachment strategies to optimize several network - structural quantities , capturing efficiency of communication , scalability and robustness to failure .  ⁇ n we evaluate the proposed attachment models considering a large set of performance measures .  ⁇ n we evaluate the proposed models considering a large set of performance measures , capturing efficiency of communication , scalability and robustness to failure .  ⁇ n we also evaluate the proposed attachment models considering a large set of performance measures . '
b' we discuss the definition of work in quantum mechanics in terms of two projective energy measurements .  ⁇ n a gaussian energy measurement scheme is then employed in a two gaussian energy measurement device .  ⁇ n a recently proposed approach to determine work by a single necessarily generalized measurement is discussed .  ⁇ n a work - meter that operates in that way operates with a precision determined by a parameter combining the strength of the measurement and the covariance matrix of the gaussian initial pointer state .  ⁇ n implementing a high precision the result of two projective energy measurements is recovered while the use of low precision leads to broad distributions yet with a finite average .  ⁇ n a spin in a suddenly changing magnetic field serves as an example . '
b' in this paper we propose two novel models to integrate item reviews into bayesian personalized ranking ( bpr - mf ) .  ⁇ n they generate a ranked list of items for individual user by leveraging the information from item reviews .  ⁇ n they leverage the information from item reviews and leverage the information from item reviews .  ⁇ n we empirically evaluate the proposed models on multiple real - world datasets which contains over millions of items .  ⁇ n the experimental results show the benefit of leveraging item reviews on personalized ranking . '
b' we study the nambu - goldstone boson ( dilaton ) in a hidden scale invariant quantum theory .  ⁇ n we show that dilaton can be generated from the hidden scale in a hidden scale in a hidden scale in a hidden scale in a hidden scale in a hidden scale in a hidden scale in a hidden scale in a hidden scale in a hidden scale in a hidden scale in a hidden scale in a hidden scale in a hidden scale in a hidden scale in a hidden scale in a hidden scale in a hidden scale in a hidden scale in a hidden scale in a hidden scale in a hidden scale in a hidden scale in a hidden scale in a hidden scale in a hidden scale in a hidden scale in a hidden scale in a hidden scale in a hidden scale in a hidden scale in a hidden scale in a hidden scale in a hidden scale in a hidden scale in a hidden scale in a hidden scale in a hidden scale in a hidden scale in a hidden scale in a hidden scale in
b' we present a new type of agent - based model of social dynamics , based on the coevolution of sub - conscious attitudinal states and social tie strengths .  ⁇ 
b' we establish existence of a variety of novel traveling wave solutions of the camassa holm equation .  ⁇ n the solitary waves can be characterized in terms of two parameters , the wave speed and the level of the undisturbed water surface .  ⁇ n the solitary waves can be characterized in terms of two parameters , the wave speed and the level of the undisturbed water surface .  ⁇ n moreover , the solitary waves can be characterized in terms of two parameters , the wave speed and the level of the undisturbed water surface .  ⁇ n moreover , the solitary waves can be characterized in terms of two parameters , the wave speed and the level of the undisturbed water surface .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new class of exact solutions of the einstein equations for a rotating axially symmetric disk .  ⁇ n the solutions are obtained by solving the riemann - hilbert problem .  ⁇ n the metric representing the disk is guessed and then it is used to compute the source ( energy - momentum tensor ) .  ⁇ n the g - method is used to generate the solutions .  ⁇ 
b' we calculate the higgs contribution to the flavor changing neutral current @
b' we study the bfkl equation for high energy heavy onium - heavy onium scattering from the bfkl approximation to the unitarity limit .  ⁇ n we use a branching equation for the number and distribution of dipoles in the light - cone wave function of the onium .  ⁇ n we find that the bfkl equation is valid for a fixed impact parameter of the scattering .  ⁇ 
b' this paper presents a post - mortem analysis of the english and spanish lexical sample tasks of senseval-2 .  ⁇ n two closely related questions are considered .  ⁇ n first , to what extent did the competing systems tend to be redundant and have success with many of the same test instances ?  ⁇ n second , how much did the difficulty of the test instances vary ? are there test instances that proved unusually difficult to disambiguate relative to other instances ?  ⁇ n we address the first question via a series of pairwise comparisons among the participating systems that measures their agreement via the kappa statistic .  ⁇ n we also introduce a simple measure of the degree to which systems are complementary called _ optimal combination _ .  ⁇ n we analyze the second question by rating the difficulty of test instances relative to the number of systems that were able to disambiguate them correctly .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the ground state properties of a single band hubbard model in the presence of a perpendicular electric field by using the gutzwiller approximation .  ⁇ n we show that the ground state of the model is characterized by a metal insulator transition , which is dominated by electron correlations rather than peierles distortion .  ⁇ 
b' we introduce a model of a social network that aims to describe the interactions between potentially terrorist and non - terrorist populations .  ⁇ n the model is based on the rate equation theory in the mean field approximation .  ⁇ n we derive analytical expressions for the basic characteristics of the network .  ⁇ n the latter can be achieved in the general framework of rate equation theory in the mean field approximation which has been introduced to study fundamental characteristics of growing network models .  ⁇ n we empirically obtain their functional dependences .  ⁇ n this leads to an improved agreement between analytical and numerical results .  ⁇ n we also derive analytical expressions of the structural , three - point correlations between nodes to study the clustering properties of the networks . '
b' we study the ground state of a quantum spin system on an @xmath0-leg ladder .  ⁇ n we show that the spin correlations exhibit singularities along surfaces in momentum space .  ⁇ n we show that the number of gapless 1d modes and their respective momenta satisfy a generalized luttinger volume .  ⁇ n we also show that the number of gapless 1d modes grows linearly with @xmath0 and that the sum of their momenta can satisfy some generalized luttinger volume .  ⁇ n we also show that the number of gapless 1d modes is a signature of the parent 2d phase . '
b' the cosmic origins spectrograph ( cos ) has demonstrated sensitivity down to wavelengths approaching 900 .  ⁇ n the g140l/1230 mode of the cos diffraction gratings and the optical telescope assembly ( ota ) were designed to retain a high quantum efficiency down to at least 800 .  ⁇ n the ota was designed to be a g140l - c ( flight spare ) grating , and the ota was designed to retain a high quantum efficiency down to at least 800 .  ⁇ n the ota was designed to be a g140l - c grating , and the ota was designed to be a g140l - c grating .  ⁇ n the ota was designed to be a g140l - c grating , and the ota was designed to be a g140l - c grating .  ⁇ n the ota was designed to be a 
"b"" i review the current understanding of the relation of radio emission to x - ray  ⁇  state ' of the neutron star and black hole candidate ( bhc ) systems .  ⁇ n i also discuss the energetics of jets from x - ray binary systems , and the implications for the accretion process onto compact objects .  ⁇ n i conclude that , in the low / hard state , the jets probably contain at least 20% of the liberated accretion energy , probably much more .  ⁇ n i also discuss the possibility that the jets from bhcs are a consequence of the  ⁇  accretion ' process . """
b' we present a new method for calculating the exchange parameters of a solid state system based on the local density approximation .  ⁇ n the method is based on the idea that most of the self - interaction error originates from highly localized states , with a charge density which is artificially broadened in space .  ⁇ 
b' we present a field - theoretical approach to the description of active crystals of self - propelled particles .  ⁇ n the approach combines ideas from the toner - tu model with the phase field crystal model to describe crystalline materials with particle resolution .  ⁇ 
b' we study the collision of a moving solitons in a fiber bragg grating with a defect , focusing on the case of a pinning defect .  ⁇ n we show that , in the case of a pinning defect , the soliton can be trapped by the defect , and thus , pinned into a stable pinned optical soliton .  ⁇ 
b' we revisit the use of chirally mixed spectral functions in finite - temperature sum rules and weinberg - type sum rules .  ⁇ n we find that the chirally mixed spectral functions can be deduced from the vacuum spectral functions , and that the chirally mixed spectral functions can be deduced from the chirally mixed spectral functions .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a medium deep near - infrared survey of a large area , covering @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the survey was selected to have optical multicolor data , with redshifts available for a sub - sample of galaxies .  ⁇ 
b' we present a rosat pspc image of the n44 superbubble in the large magellanic cloud .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a new approach to the wilsonian effective action of noncommutative field theories .  ⁇ n we assume that there is an infrared cut - off @xmath0 under which noncommutativity can not be probed and space - time becomes commutative continuously .  ⁇ n we show that the wilsonian effective action can be recovered by introducing a harmonic oscillatory term in the free part of the lagrangian .  ⁇ n we also show that the wilsonian effective action can be recovered by introducing a harmonic oscillatory term in the free part of the lagrangian .  ⁇ n we also show that the wilsonian effective action can be recovered by introducing a harmonic oscillatory term in the free part of the lagrangian .  ⁇ n we also show that the wilsonian effective action can be recovered by introducing a harmonic oscillatory term in the free part of the lagrangian .  ⁇ n we also show that the wilsonian effective action can be recovered by introducing a harmonic oscill
b' we present a phenomenological theory of superconductivity in the presence of ferromagnetism .  ⁇ n the theory includes the effects of internal magnetic induction , exchange band splitting , and zeeman coupling of electron spins with the magnetic field .  ⁇ n the ginzburg - landau equations are solved in the presence of a magnetic field .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the binding of nanoparticles in membrane tubules .  ⁇ n we show that elongated and patchy nanoparticles can induce tubules that are highly stable for all ranges of the particle - membrane interaction .  ⁇ n these tubules arise from the interplay of the adhesion energy of the particles and the bending energy of the membranes .  ⁇ n the tubules are characterized by a catenoidal shape of zero mean curvature and , therefore , zero bending energy .  ⁇ n the tubules are also encapsulated reversibly in vesicle membranes .  ⁇ n the amount of encapsulated nanoparticles and their release can be controlled by adjusting the area - to - volume ratio of the vesicles , i.e. by deflation and inflation of the vesicles induced by changes in the area - to - volume ratio of the vesicles .  ⁇ n the tubules also allow to encapsul
b' we formulate a simple heterogeneous si model , which is equivalent to a homogeneous one , but with a non - linear transmission function .  ⁇ n we show that the heterogeneous model is equivalent to a homogeneous one , but with a non - linear transmission function .  ⁇ 
b' the properties of a clean ta(110 ) surface grown on top of fe and ta(110 ) were investigated by scanning tunneling microscopy / spectroscopy .  ⁇ n the ta(110 ) surface exhibits a two - fold symmetric lattice with nearest neighbor distances of about 1 pm along [ 1 ] and [ 1 ]-directions .  ⁇ 
b' we study the effects of iron accumulation on the stability of a heavy iron layer .  ⁇ n we consider the case of a main sequence a star , where the iron - induced @xmath0-mechanism is induced by the iron - induced opacity .  ⁇ n we show that the induced mixing is highly unstable against thermohaline convection , and that the resulting mixing is a factor of two more efficient than the one due to helium .  ⁇ n we also discuss the possibility of a helium overabundance enhancement in the outer stellar layers .  ⁇ n we find that the helium overabundance is enhanced by a factor of two , and that the helium overabundance is enhanced by a factor of two .  ⁇ n we also discuss the possibility of a helium overabundance enhancement in the outer stellar layers .  ⁇ n we also discuss the possibility of a helium overabundance enhancement in the outer layers . '
b' the dynamics of evolution depend on an organism s fitness landscape , the mapping from genotypes to reproductive rates .  ⁇ n however , direct measurement of a fitness landscape is impossible because of the vast number of genotypes .  ⁇ n we critically examine regression techniques used to approximate fitness landscapes from data .  ⁇ n we find that such regressions are subject to two inherent biases that distort the biological quantities of greatest interest , often making evolution appear less predictable than it actually is .  ⁇ n we discuss methods that may mitigate these biases in some cases . '
b' we present a detailed analysis of a 160 ks _ suzaku _ observation of jupiter .  ⁇ n the x - ray imaging spectrometer ( xis ) consists of three front - illuminated ( fi ) ccds ( xis0 , 2 and 3 ) and one back - illuminated ( bi ) ccd ( xis1 ) .  ⁇ n the xis fi has the lowest particle background among all x - ray ccds in currently available x - ray observatories .  ⁇ n the xis fi has the lowest particle background among all x - ray ccds onboard _  ⁇ n suzaku _ , mos and pn , and _ chandra _ and _ xmm - newton _ , respectively .  ⁇ n the xis fi has a field of view of @xmath0 , which is a good measure of sensitivity for spatial
b' we present the results of a long pointing of the galactic center region containing the source 1e 1743.12843 , obtained with the @xmath0 and @xmath1 satellites .  ⁇ n the @xmath0 image , obtained in april 1998 , shows a diffuse emission , associated with the galactic center region .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a survey of the barred spiral system dwingeloo 1 and dwingeloo 2 .  ⁇ n the observations were made with the james clerk maxwell telescope atop mauna kea .  ⁇ n the co j = 21 emission from the core of dw1 is detected , with a co  ⁇ n to ratio of @xmath0 .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the success of continuous variable teleportation of a nonclassical non - gaussian state of light .  ⁇ n we first describe a realistic model of a nonclassical non - gaussian state that faithfully model the input states of @xcite .  ⁇ n we then use the heisenberg picture to model the multimode teleportation of a quantum field .  ⁇ n we then show how to reduce this quantum field to a single effective mode that describes the temporal properties of the input state .  ⁇ n finally , we show how to take into account any external noise spectrum in the teleportation operation . '
b' we study the stability of the einstein static universe in hoava - lifshitz gravity , with a  ⁇  soft ' violation of the detailed balance condition .  ⁇ n we consider the case of a linear equation of state parameter @xmath0 , and consider the case of a scalar field .  ⁇ n we find that the stability region of the einstein static universe is parameterized by a linear equation of state parameter @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we also find that the stability region of the einstein static universe is parameterized by a linear equation of state parameter @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we also find that the stability region of the einstein static universe is parameterized by a linear equation of state parameter @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we also find that the stability region of the einstein static universe is parameterized by a linear equation of state parameter @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we also find that the stability region of the einstein static universe is parameterized by a linear equation of state parameter @xmath0 . '
b' the astronomy and radio astronomy investigations by means of space missions and space missions have extraordinary importance for science and mankind .  ⁇ n one of the challenges of the decameter wavelength emission is the possibility to launch the same ( in the sense of efficiency as the telescope of hubble and similar others ) decameter radiotelescope in the near - earth space .  ⁇ n however , the facilities of space technology are not boundless .  ⁇ n therefore , in the present day the space missions ( wind , stereo and others ) , carried out radio observations in the decameter wavelength range , can permit themselves only some dipoles on their board .  ⁇ n therefore , in the present day the space missions ( wind , stereo and others ) , carried out radio observations in the decameter wavelength range , can permit themselves only some dipoles .  ⁇ n therefore , in the present day the space missions ( wind , stereo and others ) , carried out radio observations in the decameter wavelength range , can permit themselves only some dipoles .  ⁇ n the aim of this paper is
b' we present a monocular analysis of the hires - i monocular data set .  ⁇ n this data set contains 52 events with measured energies greater than @xmath0 ev .  ⁇ n we find that the hires - i monocular spectrum is consistent with that expected from background coincidences .  ⁇ 
b' in this paper , we analytically compute the asymptotic quasinormal modes(qnms ) in the modified schwarzschild black hole in the gravity s rainbow .  ⁇ n the asymptotic qnms are obtained by using the monodromy method .  ⁇ n the asymptotic qnms are found to be @xmath0 .  ⁇ 
b' the imaging atmospheric cherenkov technique ( act ) has been used to monitor astrophysical sources of very high energy ( vhe , e @xmath0 100 gev ) gamma rays .  ⁇ n the technique has been applied to the fred lawrence whipple observatory s 10-m optical reflector and camera .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new analysis of the vlba maser data of the star - forming region r09 .  ⁇ n we use a simple model for the distribution of the maser velocities with respect to their local standards of rest : a mean offset from circular rotation @xmath0 and a general velocity dispersion tensor fixed in galactocentric cylindrical coordinates .  ⁇ 
b' we study the prediction of the final number of infected people and the extinction time of a disease outbreak over a static underlying network .  ⁇ n we consider two senarios in which the state of each individual is known and only the fractions of currently infectious , recovered , or susceptible individuals are known .  ⁇ n we show that the prediction of the final number of infected people depends on the network structure and the type of information we have about the outbreak .  ⁇ n we also show that the prediction of the extinction time depends on the type of information we have about the outbreak . '
b' we investigate the dynamical response of a quantum random magnet at @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we use the method of numerical exact diagonalization to investigate the spin - glass phase .  ⁇ n we find that the specific heat , @xmath1 , exhibits a maximum well above the spin - glass freezing temperature @xmath2 .  ⁇ 
b' we study the effects of three - particle collisions on the thermopower and conductance of a one - dimensional wire .  ⁇ n we show that the thermopower and conductance are sensitive to the electron - electron interaction .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a multi - wavelength study of the high synchrotron peak ( hsp ) blazar pks 2155@xmath0304 .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the effects of photo - heating and supernova ( sn ) feedback on the cosmic star formation rate ( sfr ) .  ⁇ n we use a set
b' we study the perpendicular transport of fast charged particles in a slab magnetic turbulence .  ⁇ n the particle gyrocenter is assumed to follow the mean magnetic field lines .  ⁇ 
b' we present a mid - infrared ( mid - ir ) study of the _ spitzer _  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the correlations between foreground galaxies and background agns .  ⁇ n we have used the sloan digital sky survey data release 7 ( sdss dr7 ) to obtain a sample of qsos with a median redshift of @xmath0 .  ⁇ 
b' the notions of observability and controllability of discrete - time systems are unified .  ⁇ n it is shown that , if certain conditions not very restrictive are imposed on the continuous - time system , then the characterisations of observability and controllability for the discrete system can be unified .  ⁇ 
b' we calculate the pre - neutron - emission mass distributions for reaction @xmath0th(n , f ) at intermediate energies with an empirical fission potential .  ⁇ n the double - humped and triple - humped mass distributions are quantitatively described .  ⁇ n the calculated results for the pre - neutron mass distributions are in good agreement with the experimental data . '
b' we study the propagation of optical fields in realistic environment .  ⁇ n the physical problem is abstracted into a mathematical model .  ⁇ n then using our technique on the quantum operators and the quantum states , we cleverly deduce some formulas for the propagated optical fields .  ⁇ n these formulas are very useful to quantum optics and quantum statistical mechanics . '
b' stellar winds are ubiquitous in massive stars , whether they be hot o - type stars or cool red supergiants .  ⁇ n the underlying physics of stellar winds and mass loss is still not well - understood across the hertzsprung - russell diagram .  ⁇ 
b' in this paper , we give tight bounds on the number of voters required for moulin s no - show paradox and related theorems that appear in the literature .  ⁇ n we encode these problems as formulas in propositional logic and then use sat solvers to determine their satisfiability and extract minimal unsatisfiable sets ( muses ) in the case of unsatisfiability .  ⁇ 
b' we present a closed analytical form of the elastic free energy of a semiflexible network , using the worm - like chain model .  ⁇ 
b' we present a 3-d magnetohydrodynamic simulation of the global coronal field evolution .  ⁇ 
b' we present results of a lattice calculation of qcd thermodynamics with almost realistic quark masses .  ⁇ n the calculation is performed with the p4fat3 quark action .  ⁇ n the results are interpolated in the coupling by using the multi - histogram re - weighting technique .  ⁇ n the results suggest that the transition is not a true phase transition in the thermodynamic sense but a rapid crossover .  ⁇ n the peak positions of the chiral and polyakov loop susceptibilities are almost identical , i.e. the chiral and deconfinement transition occur at almost the same temperature .  ⁇ n the discrepancy between the peak positions shrinks with increasing volume .  ⁇ n the results suggest that the transition is not a true phase transition in the thermodynamic sense but a rapid crossover . '
b' we study the phenomenology of a class of _ higgs exempt no - scale _ ( hens ) models with a neutralino lightest superpartner particle ( lsp ) .  ⁇ n we consider the mssm scalar soft masses and couplings that arise from gaugino mediation , and the scalar soft masses that arise from conformal running .  ⁇ n we find that the scalar soft masses are largely independent of the gaugino mass , and that the scalar soft masses are nearly flavor - universal at the low scale .  ⁇ n we also find that the scalar soft masses are nearly flavor - universal at the low scale , and that the scalar soft masses are nearly flavor - universal at the low scale .  ⁇ n we also find that the scalar soft masses are nearly flavor - universal at the low scale , and that the scalar soft masses are nearly flavor - universal at the low scale .  ⁇ 
b' in a recent paper i have shown that the basic structure of quantum theory for finite and countably infinite dimensional hilbert spaces follows from a set of five reasonable axioms .  ⁇ n the remaining axiom states that there exists a continuous reversible transformation between any two pure states .  ⁇ n this axiom rules out classical probability theory and gives us quantum theory .  ⁇ n the proof that quantum theory follows from these axioms , although involving simple mathematics , is rather lengthy .  ⁇ n the advantage of the present work is that there are a small number of simple axioms which can be easily motivated without any particular appeal to experiment .  ⁇ n furthermore , the mathematical methods required to obtain quantum theory from these axioms are very straightforward ( essentially just linear algebra ) .  ⁇ n the main advantage of the present work is that the main ideas are simple and easy to understand .  ⁇ n the main idea is to use linear algebra to construct a simple , but not necessarily elementary , axiom which can be easily motivated without
b' we discuss the effective field theory ( eft ) for the description of heavy quarkonium in a quark gluon plasma .  ⁇ n we show how to reproduce the neutrino thermal width by using the eft formalism .  ⁇ n we also discuss the case of heavy quarkonium in a weakly interacting qgp . '
b' we study the production of scalar and pseudoscalar glueballs from rare semi - inclusive @xmath0 decay .  ⁇ n we find that the scalar glueball mass of @xmath1 gev is consistent with the recent results from unquenched lattice qcd calculation .  ⁇ n the pseudoscalar glueball mass of @xmath2 gev is consistent with the recent results from unquenched lattice qcd calculation .  ⁇ n we also discuss the interaction of scalar glueball with the light pseudoscalar glueball .  ⁇ n we find that the interaction of scalar glueball with the light pseudoscalar glueball is very sensitive to the pseudoscalar glueball mass .  ⁇ n we also discuss the scalar glueball mass of @xmath3 .  ⁇ n we also discuss the scalar glueball mass of @xmath4 gev .  ⁇ n pacs numbers : 12.38.bx , 12.38.bx , 12.38
b' we study the effect of turbulence on the faraday rotation measure ( rm ) of astrophysical shocks .  ⁇ n we find that the rm of astrophysical shocks is dominated by turbulence .  ⁇ n the rm of astrophysical shocks is dominated by turbulence .  ⁇ n the rm of astrophysical shocks is dominated by turbulence .  ⁇ n the rm of astrophysical shocks is dominated by turbulence .  ⁇ n the rm of astrophysical shocks is dominated by turbulence .  ⁇ n the rm of astrophysical shocks is dominated by turbulence .  ⁇ n the rm of astrophysical shocks is dominated by turbulence .  ⁇ n the rm of astrophysical shocks is dominated by turbulence .  ⁇ n the rm of astrophysical shocks is dominated by turbulence .  ⁇ 
b' we present the cross sections for the higgs signal and the continuum background for @xmath0 , the @xmath1-boson , and the fermion .  ⁇ n we find that the cross section for the @xmath2 s is in good numerical and analytic agreement with the results of jikia .  ⁇ n we also present the cross sections for the @xmath3 and @xmath4 s .  ⁇ n we also present the cross sections for the @xmath0 signal and the continuum background . '
b' we present a study of the chemical properties of the ionized gas in the hii galaxies izw18 , iizw70 and iizw71 .  ⁇ 
b' we present a forward modeling investigation of the plasma dynamics of polar plumes .  ⁇ n we use a spherical - symmetric model of the solar wind , which includes the effects of the polar coronal holes .  ⁇ 
b' we study the production and decay of the neutral top - pion @xmath0 at high energy @xmath1 colliders .  ⁇ n the production cross section of @
b' we investigate coherent backscattering of light by two atoms that are trapped in harmonic oscillators .  ⁇ n we calculate the interference visibility of the probe light in the backscattering direction both at zero and finite temperature in shallow traps .  ⁇ n we show how the which - way distinguishability proposed by englert is physically encoded . '
b' we present a legendre invariant metric for the space of equilibrium states of an ideal gas .  ⁇ n the curvature of the space of equilibrium is called thermodynamic curvature .  ⁇ n we introduce the concept of thermodynamic geodesics as those solutions of the geodesic equations which fulfill the laws of thermodynamics .  ⁇ n we show that thermodynamic geodesics describe quasi - static processes and that thermodynamic geodesics have a definite direction that can be interpreted as the arrow of time . '
b' we present a method to deconvolve the dynamical density matrix renormalization group ( ddmrg ) spectrum of a one - dimensional paramagnetic mott insulator by imposing a minimal distance between extrema of the deconvolved spectrum .  ⁇ 
b' we study the effect of the scalar potential on the stability of the standard model .  ⁇ n we show that the scalar potential is metastable , if the tunnelling time for the transition from the false vacuum to the true vacuum is larger than the age of the universe .  ⁇ n we also show that the scalar potential is metastable if the tunnelling time is larger than the age of the universe .  ⁇ 
b' we present a realistic non - supersymmetric @
b' we present a study of the magnetic field structure of pulsar wind nebulae ( pwne ) .  ⁇ 
b' we present h@xmath0 imaging observations of five void galaxies that have been detected in the void galaxy survey .  ⁇ n the galaxies have h@xmath0 emission and have h@xmath0 luminosities of @xmath1 .  ⁇ n the co(10 ) line emission is concentrated in the center of the galaxy and has a line width of @xmath2 .  ⁇ n the co(10 ) line emission is concentrated in the center of the galaxy and has a line width of @xmath2 .  ⁇ n the co(10 ) line emission is concentrated in the center of the galaxy and has a line width of @xmath2 .  ⁇ n the co(10 ) line emission is concentrated in the center of the galaxy and has a line width of @xmath2 .  ⁇ n the co(10 ) line emission is concentrated in the center of the galaxy and has a line width of @xmath2 .  ⁇ n the co(10 ) line emission is concentrated in the center of the
b' in this paper , we consider the source coding ( dsc ) problem in the slepian - wolf rate region .  ⁇ 
b' in this paper , we investigate the performance of a collaborative beamforming scheme in a slotted wireless network .  ⁇ n the network is divided into clusters , and each cluster is assumed to transmit a weighted version of its received signal .  ⁇ n each collaborating node computes its weight based on the estimated channel coefficients between sources and itself , and also on estimates of node coordinates .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a generalization of singleton bounds for constant dimension codes .  ⁇ n we derive an upper bound on the size of a lattice scheme , which is called lattice singleton bound ( lsb ) .  ⁇ 
b' the dynamics of a probe molecule immersed in a simple liquid is studied .  ⁇ n the molecule is modeled as a top - down symmetric dumbbell of two fused hard spheres , and as the solute , a hard - sphere system is chosen .  ⁇ n the molecule s orientational degrees of freedom are governed by the steric hindrances of the neighbors of the molecule .  ⁇ 
b' we review the theoretical derivation of the effects of the earth s quadrupole and higher multipole fields on the precession of a gyroscope in a low circular polar orbit .  ⁇ n we show that if the metric of a point mass contains fundamental parameters such as the eddington parameters @xmath0 and @xmath1 , then to lowest order the metric contains no new fundamental parameters .  ⁇ n thus there is no new lense thirring or frame dragging parameter to be measured by gp - b or any other experiment .  ⁇ n we then derive the precession equations for a gyroscope in a general weak field system , that is for any scalar and vector potential fields .  ⁇ n the calculation is valid to first order in the fields and velocities of the source body and the satellite .  ⁇ n we also estimate the influence of moon and sun to find that only the geodetic contribution of the sun must be included in the gp - b data reduction .  ⁇ 
b' background spectra of muon - produced neutrons emitted by cosmic muons in a pre - world war ii iron shield are measured with the hpge detector .  ⁇ n the relative intensities of gamma lines associated with muon - induced neutrons and fission neutrons are compared with published results on the same gamma transitions detected in neutron beam scattering experiments .  ⁇ n the relative intensities of measured gamma transitions are assessed against published results on the same gamma transitions detected in neutron beam scattering experiments .  ⁇ n the relative intensities of measured gamma transitions are assessed against published results on the same gamma transitions detected in neutron beam scattering experiments .  ⁇ n the relative intensities of measured gamma transitions are compared with published results on the same gamma transitions .  ⁇ n the relative intensities of measured gamma transitions are compared with published results on the same gamma transitions detected in neutron beam scattering experiments .
b' we present a new method for determining the extinction of stellar light as a function of wavelength .  ⁇ 
b' we present results from the very long baseline array ( vlba ) and the westerbork synthesis radio telescope ( wsrt ) observations of the x - ray transient xt
b' we study the baryon acoustic oscillations ( bao ) flux - correlation function of the ly-@xmath0 forest , which is a function of redshift .  ⁇ n we consider a model in which dark energy interacts with dark matter .  ⁇ n we show that the bao flux - correlation function of the ly-@xmath1 forest is a function of redshift , and that the bao flux - correlation function of the ly-@xmath1 forest is a function of redshift .  ⁇ n we show that the bao flux - correlation function of the ly-@xmath1 forest is a function of redshift , and that the bao flux - correlation function of the ly-@xmath1 forest is a function of redshift .  ⁇ n we also show that the bao flux - correlation function of the ly-@xmath1 forest is a function of redshift , and that the bao flux - correlation function of the ly-@xmath1 forest is
b' we study the tunneling transitions between a quantum dot and a quantum point contact , where the tunneling transitions recharging the quantum dot are stimulated by the nonequilibrium processes in the edge channels .  ⁇ n the strong coupling regime is manifested by the orthogonality catastrophe , leading to the fermi edge singularity ( fes ) in the transition rates , and by their asymmetry with respect to the sign of the dissipative component of current .  ⁇ n we show that the strong coupling regime is characterized by the asymmetry of the transition rates with respect to the sign of the dissipative component of current .  ⁇ n we also show that the fes is a consequence of the backaction of the quantum fluctuations of the fermi sea due to perturbation by an event of tunneling . '
b' we present a strong - coupling approach to inhomogeneous systems of ultracold atoms in optical lattices .  ⁇ n the method is based on a self - consistent second - order self - consistent expression for the self - energy around the atomic limit .  ⁇ n the method is applied to the case of a modulated lattice depth .  ⁇ 
b' we study the time evolution of the taylor - green vortex in the three - dimensional incompressible navier - stokes system .  ⁇ n we show that the taylor - green vortex is a particular member of the family of extreme vortex states maximizing the instantaneous rate of enstrophy production in the limit of vanishing enstrophy .  ⁇ n we also identify the time evolution of the taylor - green vortex as a particular member of the family of extreme vortex states .  ⁇ n we also identify the time evolution of the taylor - green vortex as a particular member of the family of extreme vortex states maximizing the instantaneous rate of enstrophy production in the limit of vanishing enstrophy .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the phantom field model in the presence of a phantom field .  ⁇ n we show that the phantom field can be interpreted as a phantom fluid effect .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new approach to study the decays of @xmath0 and @xmath1 mesons , using the generalized factorization approach .  ⁇ n we use the qcd sum rules to calculate the branching ratios of the decays of @xmath2 and @x
b' tracer dispersion in porous media is studied by monitoring the relative concentration distribution of a tracer in a square network of random widths .  ⁇ n the relative concentration distribution is measured through light absorption measurements .  ⁇ n the global dispersion coefficient @xmath0 and the dispersivity @xmath1 are determined .  ⁇ n the time lag between the invasion of channels parallel and transverse to the mean flow is measured .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of optical observations of the magnetic cataclysmic variable euvej211558.6 obtained with the efosc2 spectrograph at the eso / mpg 2.2m - telescope .  ⁇ n the spectral energy distribution shows a clear on / off behaviour with length of the x - ray bright phase extending for @xmath050% of the orbital cycle .  ⁇ 
b' the atlas pixel detector is a multi - purpose particle detector experiment designed to explore physics produced at the energy frontier with colliding proton beams at the lhc .  ⁇ n it utilizes a highly granular , multi - layered detector construction , based on nearly hermetic @xmath0 geometry with respect to the collision region , extends to 1.1 meters , and is seven meters in length along the beam pipe .  ⁇ n the inner tracker is comprised of three sub - detector layers : a silicon pixel detector , a semi - conductor tracker , and a transition radiation tracker .  ⁇ n the innermost tracking sub - system is comprised of a silicon pixel detector , a semi - conductor tracker , and a transition radiation tracker .  ⁇ n the pixel detector provides excellent impact parameter resolution and low occupancy per readout channel .  ⁇ n the design of the pixel detector defines the ability of atlas to identify and reconstruct secondary vertices from the decay of long - lived
b' we present a new distance measurement to the planetary nebula ngc 6543 .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the production of large-@xmath0 hadrons in heavy ion collisions at lhc and rhic energies .  ⁇ n we use a model of perturbative qcd , including the effects of the initial state interactions of the colliding nuclei .  ⁇ n we find that the suppression factor @
b' we propose a cipher for private key encryption .  ⁇ n the cipher is based on frame theory and multiple access communications .  ⁇ n we present several methods for constructing orthogonal frames .  ⁇ n we demonstrate that this cipher is vulnerable to a chosen - plaintext attack .  ⁇ n we also present a numerical experiment demonstrating that this cipher is robust against a known - plaintext attack . '
b' we investigate the quantum dynamics of two nonlinear oscillators interacting with a linear oscillator .  ⁇ n we show that as a result of indirect interactions mediated by the linear oscillator , the two nonlinear oscillators exhibit a time - varying entanglement .  ⁇ n interestingly , we find that the effect of nonlinearity is much more pronounced for certain initial states .  ⁇ n when dissipation is included , the effect of nonlinearity strongly governs the steady state evolution of the indirectly coupled nonlinear oscillators . as a second illustration of the effect of the nonlinearities we investigate the unitary evolution of a cavity mode interacting with a movable mirror which is modeled as an anharmonic oscillator .  ⁇ n we provide a full analytical treatment of this interaction in a regime where both the nonlinearity and the coupling due to radiation pressure is weak .  ⁇ 
b' the virtual observatory ( vo ) movement has been able to better enable multi wavelength astronomy .  ⁇ n examples of science drivers include finding all the information on a given set of objects , identifying the so - called outliers , which may offer new insight to the astrophysical processes driving the observed emission .  ⁇ n the astronomer then wants to be able to combine multi wavelength data taking into account differences in units and photometric systems ; spatial , wavelength and time coverage ; resolution , point spread functions and observing techniques .  ⁇ n the range and complexity of datasets and resources published to the vo is rapidly increasing .  ⁇ n these resources are heterogeneous and are published through various standard interfaces allowing access to images , catalogues , light curves , transient event data , tool interfaces and so on .  ⁇ n an emerging challenge is how to offer the astronomer a reliable and usable means to search , retrieve and visualise the relevant data and resources to meet the needs of their particular science problem .  ⁇ 
b' the spectrum of unstable modes of the stellar disc is studied .  ⁇ n the method is based on the solution of a non - linear matrix equation .  ⁇ n the method is based on the introduction of a small number of interpolating functions in action sub - space and the expansion of the potential and surface density in a biorthogonal set of functions .  ⁇ n the accuracy of the spectra and the individual modes is investigated .  ⁇ 
b' we present a hybrid reconstruction technique for the telescope array ( ta ) .  ⁇ n the hybrid method is based on the timing information of the surface detector ( sd ) at which air shower particles hit the ground .  ⁇ n the hybrid method is used to determine the geometry of air showers .  ⁇ 
b' we study the pseudogap effect in the boson fermion model .  ⁇ n the pseudogap is a manifestation of the pairing fluctuations which start to appear in a system when the transition temperature @xmath0 is approached from above .  ⁇ n the pseudogap is a manifestation of the pairing - wise correlations which start to appear in a system when @xmath1 is approached from above .  ⁇ n the pseudogap shape and its variation with temperature are analyzed .  ⁇ n the direct consequences of the particle - hole asymmetric pseudogap are illustrated on an example of the stm current conductance .  ⁇ 
b' we present a method to determine the number of isolating integrals an orbit obeys , and to determine the dimension of the manifold in which it moves .  ⁇ n we show that the number of isolating integrals that an orbit obeys is a fundamental tool in studying the dynamics of a stellar system .  ⁇ n we also show that the number of isolating integrals that an orbit obeys is a fundamental quantity in the study of the dynamics of a stellar system . '
b' we present a general and versatile class of weighted networks embedded in hidden metric spaces .  ⁇ n our model preserves all the qualities of complex topologies embedded in underlying metric spaces and , in addition , it allows to enforce explicitly the strength ( sum of weights of a node ) distribution and the correlation between the strength and the degree of nodes .  ⁇ n moreover , the level of coupling between the weights and the underlying metric space enables to control the local disparity of the weights associated to the nodes as well as the shape of the weight distribution .  ⁇ n this critical property opens the path towards the uncovering of the natural geometry or real weighted complex networks .  ⁇ n indeed , using our model , we find strong empirical evidence of metric properties in real networks , not only at the level of their topology but also in their weighted structure . '
b' we present a model for the heating of the planetary interior .  ⁇ n the model is based on a solar wind model and a solar wind model .  ⁇ n the model includes the effects of the stellar wind / magnetosphere interaction , and the magnetic dipole moment of the planetary magnetic field .  ⁇ n the potential difference between the stellar wind and the planetary magnetic field drives pedersen and parallel ( field - aligned ) currents , resulting in joule heating of the planetary interior .  ⁇ n the model is able to account for the observed radius excess in hot jupiters by additional heating .  ⁇ n the model is able to account for the observed radius excess in hot jupiters by additional heating . '
b' we report the detection of the next member of the family of polyacetylenes ( hc@xmath0n ) in the dark cloud irc+10216 .  ⁇ n the abundance ratio of hccn / hc@xmath0n is found to be @xmath1 times larger than that of the cyanopolyynes hc@xmath2n .  ⁇ n the abundance ratio of hccn / hc@xmath0n is found to be @xmath3 times larger than that of the cyanopolyynes hc@xmath4 .  ⁇ n the abundance ratio of hccn / hc@xmath0n is found to be @xmath4 times larger than that of hc@xmath5n .  ⁇ n the abundance ratio of hccn / hc@xmath0n is found to be @xmath6 times larger than that of hc@xmath5n .
b' we propose a generalization of feynman s path integral formalism to covariant relativistic quantum mechanics .  ⁇ n the formalism is based on the lorentz covariance of the wave function and the corresponding hamiltonian .  ⁇ 
b' we present a coarse - grained study of the folding of two identical , structurally similar , enzymes , mj0366 and mj0366 , which have natively knotted and unknotted states , respectively .  ⁇ n the folding trajectories of the two enzymes are compared , and the role of non - native interactions in favoring or disfavoring knotting events is discussed .  ⁇ n the results support the importance of non - native interactions in favoring or disfavoring knotting events in the early stages of folding . '
b' we study the behavior of the kink in the @xmath0 model under perturbations .  ⁇ n we show that the kink is stable , but the perturbation is dissipated through radiation .  ⁇ 
b' a structural model of the si(335)-au / pb surface is proposed .  ⁇ n it features single pb atom per si(335 ) unit cell , and a flat band structure in the @xmath0 direction .  ⁇ n the band structure of the surface is calculated from the total energy density functional theory calculations .  ⁇ n the band structure of the surface is analyzed in the @xmath1 $ ] direction , and the band structure of the surface is calculated in the @xmath2 $ ] direction .  ⁇ n the band structure of the surface is analyzed in the @xmath3 $ ] direction .  ⁇ n the band structure of the surface is analyzed in the @xmath4 $ ] direction .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the effect of the global topology of the magnetic field on the accretion flow in a fully general relativistic magnetohydrodynamic ( mhd ) simulation .  ⁇ 
b' we study the effects of inertia on the swimming of linear chain structures , consisting of a number of small spheres and a single large one , in the stokes limit .  ⁇ n we derive an exact expression for the field of a magnetic point dipole in the presence of a superconducting sphere .  ⁇ n the corresponding scalar potential can be used in hydrodynamics if account is taken of convection of the spheres by the fluid .  ⁇ n we apply the approximation to a study of the longitudinal swimming of a linear chain of three small spheres and one large one .  ⁇ n we find that the optimal stroke , as derived from bilinear theory valid to second order in the amplitude of swimming , is nearly independent of the scale number characterizing the effect of fluid inertia .  ⁇ n we also calculate the actuating forces for a chain with harmonic elastic interactions and compare with the swimming of the chain with application of a cargo constraint implying that the actuating force on the large 
b' we review the semiclassical approximation of eigenfunctions of billiards based on fredholm theory .  ⁇ n we apply this method to the stadium billiard .  ⁇ n we find that the semiclassical husimi representation of the eigenfunctions is based on the approximation of the traces and powers of the propagator as sums over the periodic points of the underlying classical system .  ⁇ n we apply this scheme to the stadium billiard and find that the semiclassical husimi distributions are in good agreement with the schnirelman s theorem . '
b' the non - equilibrium rayleigh - taylor instability is investigated by using the discrete boltzmann method .  ⁇ n the lattice boltzmann method is validated theoretically that it has the capability of navier - stokes models describing fluid flows in the hydrodynamic limit .  ⁇ n the entropy of mixing and some non - equilibrium manifestations are investigated in the evolution of the rayleigh - taylor instability .  ⁇ n the entropy of mixing and some non - equilibrium manifestations are investigated in the evolution of the rayleigh - taylor instability .  ⁇ n the entropy of mixing is found to be a significant factor in the evolution of the rayleigh - taylor instability .  ⁇ n the entropy of mixing is also investigated .  ⁇ n the rayleigh - taylor instability , lattice boltzmann method , non - equilibrium , navier - stokes equation , rayleigh 
b' the magnetization of neutron star matter , which consists of protons , neutrons , electrons and muons , is investigated .  ⁇ n the contribution of each component as well as the effect of the anomalous magnetic moments are investigated .  ⁇ n it is shown that the magnetization of the neutron star matter is not very large .  ⁇ n the magnetization of the neutron star matter is found to be very small compared with that of the neutron star matter .  ⁇ n the magnetization of the neutron star matter is also calculated .  ⁇ n it is shown that the magnetization of the neutron star matter is very small compared with that of the neutron star matter .  ⁇ n the magnetization of the neutron star matter is also calculated .  ⁇ n it is shown that the magnetization of the neutron star matter is very small compared with that of the neutron star matter .  ⁇ 
b' this paper studies secure multiparty quantum computation ( smqc ) without nonlocal measurements .  ⁇ n the smqc task is reduced to secure two - party quantum computation of nonlocal cnot ( nl - cnot ) .  ⁇ n the protocol presented in this paper can be simplified .  ⁇ n then the secure computation protocol of nl - cnot is reduced to bit commitment .  ⁇ n the security of smqc is also studied . '
b' we have degraded the images of galaxies with redshifts 0.20 to 1.00 to the appearance that they would have had at @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the @xmath1-band images of galaxies having @xmath2 and @xmath3 were compared with @xmath4-band images of galaxies having @
b' we classify classes of finite structures according to their  ⁇  combinatorial complexity ' .  ⁇ n we use their tree - width and its variants .  ⁇ n we also compare them via transductions .  ⁇ n we show that these two approaches are equivalent and give rise to the same hierarchy .  ⁇ n we also discuss other possible hierarchies based on different logics .  ⁇ n _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
b' we present winbioinftools , a toolkit containing a number of bioinformatics software tools running under windows hpc cluster 2008 .  ⁇ n we present experimental results showing that the performance of the windows based versions of these tools is superior to that on a single machine .  ⁇ n furthermore , we report results about comparing the performance of the windows based versions of these tools to the corresponding linux versions . '
b' we have created a data base combining 1100 days of observations with batse .  ⁇ n it includes observations of fast variability ( 0.010.488 hz ) as well as flux measurements ( ) and energy spectral fits .  ⁇ 
b' we study the raman scattering cross section of the @xmath0 quantum heisenberg model in two dimensions .  ⁇ n we use a heisenberg model with random _ static _  ⁇ 
b' we study the propagation of a probe pulse through a system with interacting dark resonances .  ⁇ n the system is based on a lasing system , with an additional fourth perturbing state coupled by a laser field to the upper state of the ladder system .  ⁇ n the lower transition of the ladder system acts as the probe transition .  ⁇ n the lower transition of the ladder system acts as the probe transition .  ⁇ n the group velocity of a probe pulse can be slowed down , can become faster than its value @
b' we study the ground state transition and the far - infrared spectroscopy of a two - electron nanoring .  ⁇ n we show that the electron - electron interaction can change the ground state structure and the spectral properties of the nanoring .  ⁇ n the ground state transition and the spectral properties of the nanoring are investigated by using the series solution method and the exact diagonalization method .  ⁇ n the results show that the electron - electron interaction can change the ground state structure and the spectral properties of the nanoring . '
b' we present a detailed analysis of the chemical evolution of the galactic stellar system .  ⁇ 
b' in this paper , the heterogeneous dynamics with fractional - order and integer - order is presented for multi - agent systems .  ⁇ n the main innovation of this paper lies in the study on consensus of integer - fractional compounded - order multi - agent systems with different time delays .  ⁇ n the corresponding simulation results show that the proposed conditions are effective in the consensus of integer - fractional compounded - order multi - agent systems .  ⁇ n pacs numbers : 05.70.-a , 05.70.-a , 05.70.-a '
b' we present an analytical analysis of the decoherence of a polarization qubit in a plane - parallel cavity .  ⁇ n we show that the decoherence of the polarization qubit can be suppressed by means of bang - bang ( bb ) control , implemented in space , rather than in time , by means of suitably oriented waveplates .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new method to study the spectral properties of agn , based on the time - resolved fe k@xmath0 line and x - ray reflection spectra .  ⁇ 
b' we present spitzer / irs observations of the gravitationally lensed quasar apm 08279 + 5255 .  ⁇ n the irs spectrum shows a continuum level of @xmath0 mjy at 12@xmath1 m , and a continuum level of @xmath2 mjy at 12@xmath2 m .  ⁇ 
b' we report on a dna adsorption at a liquid / solid interface .  ⁇ 
b' we present a generalization of the thermal discrete dipole approximation ( tdda ) to describe the near - field radiative heat transfer ( nfrht ) between two magneto - optical ( mo ) objects .  ⁇ n the tdda is based on the discrete dipole approximation ( dda ) and it is based on the fluctuational electrodynamics ( fe ) .  ⁇ n the tdda is a generalization of the dda method , which is widely used for describing the scattering and absorption of light by small particles .  ⁇ n we show that the tdda can be used to describe the nfrht between two magneto - optical ( mo ) objects of arbitrary shape .  ⁇ n we also show that the nfrht between two mo objects can be tuned by changing the magnitude and the direction of the magnetic field .  ⁇ n we also show that the nfrht between two mo objects can be tuned by changing
b' we consider the emission from a relativistic blast wave expanding into a uniform cold medium .  ⁇ n we consider an adiabatic hydrodynamical evolution , and use the blandford - mckee solution for a highly relativistic blast wave .  ⁇ n we consider synchrotron emission from a power law electron distribution , and calculate the observed light curve and spectra .  ⁇ n we show that both the light curve and the spectra are flat near the peak .  ⁇ n this causes difficulty in explaining the shape of the optical peak of grb970508 .  ⁇ n we consider three alternative magnetic field models .  ⁇ n we show that the light curve and the spectra remain flat near the peak in all the cases considered .  ⁇ n we calculate the observed image of a grb afterglow , and find that the image appears brighter near the edge and dimmer near the center .  ⁇ n we also calculate the surface brightness , thus obtaining the observed image .  ⁇ n we find that the image appears brighter near the edge and dimmer near the center , creating
b' we present time - resolved optical spectroscopy and photometry of the helium - rich cataclysmic variable sbss1108 + 574 .  ⁇ n the system was discovered in outburst on 2012 april 22 , and was reported as a new su uma dwarf nova .  ⁇ n the spectrum shows unusually strong hei emission in addition to the balmer emission lines .  ⁇ 
b' we introduce a new notion of gauss diagrams of 3-manifolds .  ⁇ n we show that a closed orientable 3-manifold is determined by the equivalence class of its gauss diagram .  ⁇ n we also show how to compute the fundamental group and the first homology group of a manifold directly from a gauss diagram , and how to distinguish homology spheres .  ⁇ n we also formulate the conditions for a gauss diagram to represent a closed orientable manifold and a complement of a knot in some closed orientable manifold . '
b' the aleph collaboration has measured the production of two photons and missing energy in e@xmath0 annihilations at centre - of - mass energies of 161 , 170 and 172 gev .  ⁇ n no evidence for anomalous single - photon and two - photon production is found .  ⁇ n the limits on the production of supersymmetric particles are derived in the context of the minimal supergravity and gauge - mediated supersymmetry breaking models .  ⁇ n the limits are compared to the regions favored by the cdf and lnz models .  ⁇ n a cdf - like event is observed in the cdf data .  ⁇ n the cdf - like event is explained by the drell - yan process .  ⁇ n if the cdf event is explained by the drell - yan process , the best possibility for discovery at lep2 is .  ⁇ n if the cdf event is explained by the drell
b' we present a method to construct a compact representation of the matsubara green s function for realistic systems .  ⁇ n the method is based on cubic polynomials and is able to accurately describe the matsubara green s function and self - energy .  ⁇ 
b' we report on the reversible transverse susceptibility ( rts ) measurements of a self - assembled array of magnetic nanoparticles ( nps ) .  ⁇ n the rts curves exhibit a rich structure , characterized by a large number of peaks , a large number of peaks , and a large number of peaks .  ⁇ 
b' we present a many - body perturbation theory for the hubbard model with a local electron interaction .  ⁇ n the renormalization of one and two - particle green functions is performed in the framework of the bogoliubov - de gennes equations .  ⁇ n the renormalization of the one- and two - particle green functions is performed in the framework of the bogoliubov - de gennes equations .  ⁇ n the renormalization of the one- and two - particle green functions is performed in the framework of the bogoliubov - de gennes equations .  ⁇ n the renormalization of the one- and two - particle green functions is performed in the framework of the bogoliubov - de gennes equations .  ⁇ n the renormalization of the one- and two - particle green functions is performed in the framework of the bogoliubov - de gennes equations .  ⁇ n the renormalization of the one 
b' we study the problem of obtaining accurate reaction rates for a wide range of voxels on unstructured meshes .  ⁇ n we show that if the reactions are diffusion limited this may only be true for quite large voxels , and simulations will be inaccurate as we refine the mesh .  ⁇ n we propose a hybrid method , where mesoscopic simulations can be performed on fairly coarse meshe
b' we present a study of the statistical incidence of intra - night optical variability ( inov ) in a sample of bllac objects .  ⁇ 
b' we present a theoretical study of the gamma - quantum emission from a composite target , based on the model of multiple scattering .  ⁇ n the model is based on the wigner function of the target random field , which is a function of the transverse dimensions of the target .  ⁇ 
b' we present a general analysis of the transition to turbulence in parallel flows .  ⁇ 
b' we discuss the time - dependent structure of the hadronic sector of a relativistic heavy ion cascade .  ⁇ 
b' we report results of a search for small - scale anisotropy in the arrival directions of ultrahigh energy cosmic rays observed by the hires stereo air fluorescence experiment .  ⁇ n the data were taken between 1999 december and 2004 january .  ⁇ n we find no significant clustering in the arrival directions , and no significant clustering in the directions of the highest energy cosmic rays .  ⁇ 
b' we study the electron cyclotron resonance ( cr ) in gan bulk - like material in moderate electric and magnetic fields .  ⁇ n we focus on the high - frequency response of gan under conditions , when both the electric and magnetic fields are moderate .  ⁇ n we show that the cr is a powerful spectroscopic method to determine important parameters of the band structure and carrier dynamics .  ⁇ n we show that the cr is a powerful spectroscopic method to determine important parameters of the band structure and carrier dynamics .  ⁇ n we also show that the cr is a powerful spectroscopic method to determine important parameters of the band structure and carrier dynamics .  ⁇ n we show that the cr is a powerful spectroscopic method to determine important parameters of the band structure and carrier dynamics .  ⁇ n we show that the cr is a powerful spectroscopic method to determine important parameters of the band structure and carrier dynamics .  ⁇ n we also show that the cr is a powerful spectroscopic method to determine important parameters of the band structure and carrier dynamics .  ⁇ 
b' the self - consistent green s function ( scgf ) theory is applied to the calculation of the nuclear matter binding energy and saturation properties .  ⁇ n the self - energy of a nucleon is calculated self - consistently .  ⁇ n the self - energy of a nucleon contains all the information necessary to obtain occupation probabilities , quasi - particle strength and broadening features which alternatively can be visualized in terms
b' we study the time - dependent solutions of asymptotically locally flat / anti de sitter spacetimes .  ⁇ n we find three time - dependent bubble solutions , one of which is obtained from analytic continuation of taub - nut - ads spacetime , and the other is inspired from the first two bubble solutions .  ⁇ n we also study double analytic continuations of four dimensional topological nut - charged spacetimes .  ⁇ n we find a new static bubble - type spacetime that is a nut - charged generalization of the ads soliton , as well as an interesting new time - dependent solution : it is asymptotically ads , yet the bubble evolution is milne - like throughout .  ⁇ n we also study the four dimensional kerr - nut spacetimes .  ⁇ n we find that the presence of a nut charge induces an ergoregion , in which timelike curves must have non - zero momenta in a compact direction .  ⁇ n we also study
b' we consider the rush hour puzzle , played on a large @xmath0 by @xmath1 board , with a goal of moving a target car out of the lot through the exit .  ⁇ 
b' we study the impact of polarizations on the lepton spectra and spin - analyzing powers of the charged lepton in the chargino decay channel of the stop .  ⁇ n we also study the impact of polarizations on several laboratory frame observables , including those employed in selecting signal events in current searches .  ⁇ n furthermore , two simple observables , the opening angle between the charged lepton and the @xmath0 quark and the energy of the @xmath1 quark , are proposed to allow for possible separation of the chargino channel from the top channel in stop decays .  ⁇ 
b' the chew - mandelstam energy - dependent parametrization is used to perform a multipole analysis of the single - pion photoproduction data .  ⁇ n the analysis is performed over the center - of - mass energy range from the near - threshold region to about 2.5 gev , including resonances through the fourth resonance region .  ⁇ n the single energy solutions are also generated , which fit the data over narrow energy bins assuming phase information obtained from the energy - dependent solutions .  ⁇ n the fitted multipoles are compared to previous said fits , and those from other groups .  ⁇ n the results are compared to the corresponding sn11 data . '
b' we study the conditions for the markovian quantum master equation with time - dependent system hamiltonian , @xmath0 , under the weak - coupling approximation .  ⁇ n we introduce an explicit definition of @xmath0 and approximations required to obtain the markovian quantum master equation under the weak - coupling approximation .  ⁇ 
b' we present a variational approach to the calculation of the ground state properties of doubly closed shell nuclei .  ⁇ n the approach is based upon the variational principle @xmath0= ⁇ delta  ⁇ frac  ⁇   ⁇ langle ⁇ psi_0 |h| ⁇ psi_0 ⁇ rangle  ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇ langle ⁇ psi_0 ⁇ rangle  ⁇  = 0 ⁇ , ⁇ ,. ⁇  ⁇  ] ] the solution of the schrdinger equation is exactly that of the schrdinger equation if there are no limitations on the hilbert space spanned to search for the minimum of the energy functional .  ⁇ n the quantities to be compared to the experiment are calculated by evaluating the mean value of the corresponding operators between the states of the schrdinger equation fixed at the minimum of the energy functional .  ⁇ 
b' we theoretically investigate the photon - number resolved interference fringes of a fabry - prot interferometer as we scan its phase .  ⁇ n we then experimentally implement this with a transition edge sensor ( tes ) .  ⁇ n we compare the resolution and sensitivity of the photon - number resolved interference pattern with the classical case where a coherent state is sent through a fabry - prot interferometer and only the average intensity is measured .  ⁇ n we also theoretically investigate the performance of resolution and sensitivity for a single - mode photon - number state in combination with a photon - number resolving detection of the interference fringes .  ⁇ n we find that the resolution and sensitivity of the photon - number resolved interference pattern are not identical .  ⁇ n we also investigate the performance of resolution and sensitivity for a single - mode photon - number state . '
b' we study the role of memory loss in the evolution of a quantum system , focusing on the case of a single - mode hamiltonian .  ⁇ 
b' the dls is a large , uniform , and unbiased weak gravitational lensing survey .  ⁇ 
b' we evaluate the tau neutrino and tau energy loss using a stochastic evaluation of electromagnetic energy loss of the tau .  ⁇ n we compare the flux of taus following propagation through 10 km rock and 100 km rock using the stochastic evaluation with estimates of the emerging flux of taus using analytic approximations .  ⁇ n we refine some recent parameterizations of the electromagnetic energy loss parameter @xmath0 to better approximate the stochastic result for the flux of emerging taus using analytic approximations .  ⁇ n we also refine some recent parameterizations of the tau energy loss as a function of tau energy to better approximate the stochastic result for the flux of emerging taus using analytic approximations . '
b' i present mid - infrared ( mir ) spectra of the nearer dwarf galaxies iizw40 , ngc1140 and ngc1569 , obtained with the infrared space observatory ( iso ) .  ⁇ 
b' we present the first results on @xmath0 production via electron - positron decays at mid - rapidity from au - au collisions at @xmath1 = 200 gev from data taken during run-2 at rhic in 2001 .  ⁇ n we present the most probable yield values for peripheral and mid - central au - au reactions , while for central reactions , we observe no signal above background and thus give 90% confidence level upper limits on @xmath0 production .  ⁇ n we also present the most probable yield values for central au - au reactions .  ⁇ n we also present the most probable yield values for peripheral and mid - central au - au reactions .  ⁇ n we also present the most probable yield values for central au - au reactions .  ⁇ n we also present the most probable yield values for central au - au reactions .  ⁇ n we also present the most probable yield values for central au - au reactions .  ⁇ n we also present the most probable yield values for central au - au reactions .  ⁇ n we also present the most probable yield values for peripheral au
b' the fission state of ba isotopes is investigated from a microscopic description based on the relativistic mean - field theory .  ⁇ n the neck structure is assumed to be required for the preformed clusters in the fission state , i.e. , the formation of elongated neck in the fission state .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed analysis of the eclipsing binary yy geminorum , based on a series of spectroscopic observations obtained with the eso vlt .  ⁇ n the eclipsing binary has two nearly identical dm1e components , and a close binary with two dm1e components .  ⁇ n the eclipsing binary has been observed in a series of flares , with a period of 19.54 hours .  ⁇ n the eclipsing binary has been observed in a series of flares , with a period of 19.54 hours .  ⁇ n the eclipsing binary has a period of 19.54 hours , and a total mass of @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the eclipsing binary has a period of @xmath1 days , and a total mass of @xmath2 .  ⁇ n the eclipsing binary has a period of @xmath3 .  ⁇ n the eclipsing binary has
b' we extend the theory of particle acceleration at relativistic shock fronts to two new interesting situations : 1 ) presence of a coherent large scale magnetic field in the upstream fluid ; 2 ) anisotropic scattering .  ⁇ n the spectrum of accelerated particles and the distribution in pitch angle ( upstream and downstream ) for shock fronts moving with arbitrary velocity are calculated .  ⁇ n the results of point 1 ) are compared with those obtained in @xcite , carried out for a parallel ultra - relativistic shock .  ⁇ n the results of point 1 ) are compared with those obtained in @xcite , carried out for a parallel ultra - relativistic shock . '
b' we study the ground state properties of a spin ladder with diagonally cut ends .  ⁇ n we show that the ground state of the ladder is a valence bond dimer phase , in which the invariance of translation by one rung is broken spontaneously .  ⁇ n we also show that the dimer phase is a haldane - type spin liquid , in which the excitations are coherent magnons .  ⁇ n we also show that the dimer phase is a haldane - type spin liquid , in which the excitations are coherent magnons . '
b' we investigate the effects of the jlichstony brook interaction on the longitudinal and transverse separation of giant resonances in the quasi elastic peak region .  ⁇ n we find that the inclusion of an interaction fixed for a given effective theory leads to a significant difference in the results .  ⁇ n we also show that the use of an interaction fixed for a given effective theory can produce noticeable differences in the results obtained within a different one . '
b' we study the extent to which the recent lhc and tevatron results , as published by the end of 2012 , constrain the couplings of the higgs boson - like state at @x
b' we study the possibility that the standard model - like higgs boson is below the lep exclusion limits .  ⁇ n we show that if the higgs boson is sufficiently light , the standard model - like higgs boson can decay dominantly into a pair of cp odd higgs bosons .  ⁇ n we also discuss the possibility of detecting the higgs boson at the lhc . '
b' we consider self - similar solutions to smoluchowski s mean - field model for coagulation with a product kernel of homogeneity @
b' we develop analytic expressions for option - pricing of markets with fluctuating volatilities of a given distribution .  ⁇ n we show that the standard & poor 500 volatility data can be fitted quite well by a log - normal distribution .  ⁇ n this result is at odds with the fact that the log - normal shape of the distribution typically signalizes a multiplicative nature of an underlying stochastic process .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new method for determining the initial stellar mass function ( imf ) of galaxies .  ⁇ n we use the method to derive the imf of a sample of abell 370 , abell 370 , and abell 370 , and compare it with the imf of the milky way .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the sensitivity of the solar neutrino data to the neutrino electromagnetic properties .  ⁇ n we find that the current kamland sensitivity is a factor of two higher than the current kamland sensitivity .  ⁇ 
b' we present a time resolved temporal analysis of the x - ray transient xte j1550 - 564 , which was observed with the _ rossi x - ray timing explorer _ during its 98/99 outburst .  ⁇ n the source was observed almost daily with _ rxte _ during the period of 98/99 .  ⁇ 
b' we present a scheme to prepare tripartite entanglement for single neutrons .  ⁇ 
b' in this short introduction we will introduce the two players in the title , random matrix theory ( rmt ) and quantum chromodynamics ( qcd ) , on a superficial level .  ⁇ n this gives a motivation why and where it will be beneficial to relate these seemingly unrelated theories , and what the reader may expect to learn from these notes . '
b' we study the van der waals interaction between neutral dielectric surfaces in a coulomb fluid , assuming that the surfaces are neutral only on the average , while microscopically they carry a _ quenched _ ( fixed ) random distribution of positive and negative charges .  ⁇ n we show that this seemingly simple generalization leads to significant qualitative changes in the distribution of ions and , consequently , also in the effective interactions between dielectric surfaces , especially when the intervening coulomb fluid contains mobile multivalent ions .  ⁇ n we show that this seemingly simple generalization leads to significant qualitative changes in the distribution of ions and , consequently , also in the effective interactions between dielectric surfaces , especially when the intervening coulomb fluid contains mobile multivalent ions . '
b' we consider random walks on free products of finite or countable sets .  ⁇ n we prove that the asymptotic entropy of the sequence @xmath0/n$ ] converges to the limit of the sequence .  ⁇ n we also derive three different formulas for the entropy by using different techniques .  ⁇ n _ keywords : _ free products , entropy , random walks , free products , generating functions . '
b' we present two families of axially symmetric thin disks of dust immersed in a spheroidal halo .  ⁇ n the disks are obtained from solutions of the einstein equations for an axially symmetric conformastatic spacetime in which the metric tensor is characterized only by one metric function .  ⁇ n solutions with a delta function singularity are obtained .  ⁇ n the nonzero components of the energy - momentum tensor , both for the disk and the halo , are obtained from the einstein equations .  ⁇ n the energy densities and pressures of the sources are determined .  ⁇ n the masses of the de disks and the haloes are finite .  ⁇ n finally we solve the geodesic equation for circular orbits in the plane of the disk . '
b' in this paper , we propose a new approach for energy utilization of wireless sensor networks ( wsns ) .  ⁇ n q - leach is a new approach which improves network performance .  ⁇ n we propose a new model for energy utilization of wsns .  ⁇ n simulation results show that q - leach improves network performance .  ⁇ n wsns , energy utilization , clustering , stability period , network life - time '
b' we suggest a graphene circulator with a very simple structure which can be used in thz and infrared frequency region .  ⁇ n it consists of graphene nanostrip waveguides connected to a graphene circular resonator .  ⁇ n the width of the waveguides is @xmath0 nm and @xmath1 , that are connected to a graphene resonator with the radius @
b' we present a detailed analysis of the /phoswich detection system ( pds ) data of the coma cluster .  ⁇ n we find that the pds data are dominated by point sources , i.e. , point sources located in the field of view of the pds .  ⁇ 
b' we present near - infrared spectroscopy of the composite galaxy ng
b' we report on a study of string breaking in quenched qcd with two flavors of dynamical staggered quarks .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new model for the explosion of type ic supernovae ( sne ic - bl ) .  ⁇ n the model is based on the idea that the ejecta are composed of two components , the outer fast - moving component ( jet ) and the inner slow - moving component ( core ) .  ⁇ n the latter is responsible for the bright peak of the light curve and the latter is responsible for the late - time exponential decay .  ⁇ n the model is based on the improved magnetar model , which takes into account the photospheric recession and acceleration of the ejecta by the spinning - down magnetar .  ⁇ n the latter is shown to lose a small fraction of its rotational energy to its light curve , while the remaining fraction is transferred into the kinetic energy of the ejecta .  ⁇ n the model is tested against the sne ic - bl , 2009bb and 2012ap , and the sne ic - bl , and the sne 
b' the charge order parameter ( op ) in the @xmath0-@xmath1 model is studied in the large n limit .  ⁇ n it is shown that the op is a nonlocal charge density wave ( cdw ) or a bond - order wave ( bow ) state .  ⁇ 
b' we study the effect of a ferromagnetic slab on the superconducting proximity effect .  ⁇ n we show that the ferromagnetic slab is a perfect example of a ferromagnet , in which the superconductor is coupled to a superconductor .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a test of the performance of an x - ray tes microcalorimeter under ac and dc bias .  ⁇ 
b' we study the distributions of conditional dwell times between two consecutive forward and backward steps in a large class of models , including motor detachments , substeps , and multiple pathways .  ⁇ 
b' we develop a relevance vector machine ( rvm ) for a joint sparse and dense noise scenario .  ⁇ n the rvm is a bayesian sparse kernel technique that aims to learn all relevant system parameters iteratively to infer the object of interest .  ⁇ 
b' we consider a system of a single particle in a one - dimensional potential , and show that if you measure the energy of the system , you can find a cyclic variation of the potential which reduces the energy of the system close to zero as you wish .  ⁇ n the initial energy of the particle is then delivered as work @xmath0 to the agent operating the potential .  ⁇ 
b' we present the first spitzer detection of an extremely bright lyman break galaxy ( lbg ) at 16 .  ⁇ n the spitzer infrared spectrograph ( irs ) reveals a strong , ionized emission line at 16 .  ⁇ 
b' we calculate the proton and pion distributions in the transfragmentation region ( tfr ) and in the forward region ( fr ) , taking into account the recombination of partons arising from different beam nucleons .  ⁇ n we find that the ratio of the proton to pion production is large , and that there should be no jet structure associated with the particles detected at any transverse momenta @xmath0 in the fr .  ⁇ 
b' we are developing a compton gamma imager , based on a scintillator - based scatter detector .  ⁇ n the design goal is a compact instrument capable of localizing a 10 mci point source of cs-137 40 m away to within a few degrees , in a field of view of @xmath0 in both directions , in under a minute .  ⁇ n we have constructed models of compton gamma imagers , based on scintillator 20 cm x 20 cm , with 1 cm thickness in the scatter detector and 0.8 cm thickness in the absorber detector .  ⁇ n four different materials have been tested for the scatter detector , labr@xmath0 , nai , caf@xmath1 and polyvinyltoluene - based plastic scintillator .  ⁇ n the design goal is a compact instrument capable of localizing a 10 mci point source of cs-137 40 m away to within 
b' in this paper , we consider an optimal stopping problem under partial observation for a partially observed piecewise - deterministic markov process .  ⁇ n the objective is to transform the initial problem into a completely observed optimal stopping problem where the new state variable is the filter process .  ⁇ n the second step consists in solving this reformulated problem .  ⁇ n the new difficulty being its infinite dimension .  ⁇ 
b' we report on the results of numerical simulations of a current - carrying wire acting on a beam in rhic .  ⁇ n the wire force is similar to the long - range beam - beam force at large beam - beam separations .  ⁇ n the simulation results are compared with measurements in rhic run 7 and 8 . '
b' this work presents a new method for visualising features in extreme ultraviolet ( euv ) images .  ⁇ n the method is based on the noise adaptive fuzzy equalization ( nafe ) method , where local statistics govern the output value of a pixel .  ⁇ 
b' we study the evolution of the universe in the early universe , assuming that the null energy condition is violated in the expanding phase .  ⁇ n we show that the null energy condition can be violated in the expanding phase , and the universe starts expansion with the increase of the energy density .  ⁇ n we also show that the null energy condition can be violated in the expanding phase .  ⁇ n we also show that the null energy condition can be violated in the expanding phase .  ⁇ n we also show that the null energy condition can be violated in the expanding phase .  ⁇ n we also show that the null energy condition can be violated in the expanding phase .  ⁇ n we also show that the null energy condition can be violated in the expanding phase .  ⁇ n we also show that the null energy condition can be violated in the expanding phase .  ⁇ n we also show that the null energy condition can be violated in the expanding phase .  ⁇ n we also show that the null energy condition can be violated in the expanding phase . '
b' we theoretically investigate the spin - resolved currents flowing in large - area graphene , doped with single atoms of noble metals ( @xmath0 , @xmath1 and @xmath2 ) and @xmath3-transition metals ( @xmath4,@xmath5,@xmath6 and @xmath7 ) .  ⁇ n we study the adsorption both in pristine graphene as well as in monovacancies and divacancies , and we show that the current polarization is not monotonically correlated to the local magnetic moment .  ⁇ n instead , it depends on the presence of localized levels near the fermi energy which strongly couple ( and thus hybridize ) to the graphene @xmath8 bands .  ⁇ n we also show that a gate potential can be used to tune the energy of these localized levels , leading to an external way to control the degree of spin - polarized current without the application of a magnetic field . '
b' we propose a model for the unsteady mixed water flows in a closed pipe with non uniform section .  ⁇ n the model is based on the @xmath0d _ incompressible _ euler equations .  ⁇ n the free surface model is constructed by a formal asymptotic analysis .  ⁇ n the model is then extended to the case of a closed pipe with non uniform section .  ⁇ 
b' we study the production of single - photons at the tevatron , in the framework of a phenomenological model based on the intrinsic transverse momentum of the incoming partons .  ⁇ n we show that the resulting cross section is sensitive to the intrinsic transverse momentum of the incoming partons , and that the resulting cross section is sensitive to the intrinsic transverse momentum of the incoming partons .  ⁇ 
b' we study the optical spectra of strongly - coupled organic microcavities , focusing on the effects of strong coupling to light .  ⁇ n we consider a variety of models , including a simple model for a single molecule , a model for a single molecule , and a model for a single molecule .  ⁇ 
b' this paper presents a simple methodology on how to generate conformally invariant field theory lagrangians .  ⁇ n the approach is based on the concept of measure lines .  ⁇ n this basically gives precise mathematical formalization to dimensional analysis , quite well - known in physics .  ⁇ n the interesting property of this approach is that no reference to the spacetime metric tensor is needed in first place , only the physical dimensions of the fields are necessary .  ⁇ 
b' we have studied the magnetic ordering , the crystal structure and the possibility of spin and lattice coupling in gdino@xmath0 compound .  ⁇ n the negative thermal expansion ( nte ) in this system is observed over the temperature range between 50k and 100k .  ⁇ n the role of gd@xmath1 ions for nte is evident from the rietveld refinement of low temperature x - ray diffraction patterns .  ⁇ n in addition , the spin frustration in this system is confirmed from the temperature dependence of the magnetic susceptibility below 150k .  ⁇ n low temperature magnetostriction measurements indicate strong spin - phonon coupling in this system .  ⁇ n the anomalous softening of the phonon mode in the low temperature range also reveals the same .  ⁇ n our calculations show that the lattice is highly frustrated and that there does exist a substantial amount of spin - lattice coupling in this system .  ⁇ n the experimental observation has been further supported by the first principles
b' we investigate the consequences of introducing gravitation into the framework of trace dynamics pre - quantum mechanics .  ⁇ n the trace dynamics lagrangian is taken as the trace of an operator lagrangian constructed as a polynomial in the canonical coordinates @xmath0 and their time derivatives .  ⁇ n the euler lagrange equations for this system are operator equations of motion , without invoking canonical quantization .  ⁇ n the trace dynamics lagrangian is taken as the trace of an operator lagrangian constructed as a polynomial in the @xmath1 and their time derivatives , and using just cyclic permutation under the trace , the euler lagrange equations for the trace lagrangian are operator equations of motion .  ⁇ n the trace dynamics lagrangian is a polynomial in the @xmath2 and their time derivatives , and the euler lagrange equations are operator equations of motion .  ⁇ n the trace dynamics lagrangian is a polynomial in
b' we present a detailed analysis of the rosat x - ray data of the intermediate polar v405 aur .  ⁇ n the x - ray spectrum shows a double - peaked structure , with a cyclotron component , and a linear polarization component .  ⁇ 
b' we study the geodesics of massive test particles in the background of r - charged black holes .  ⁇ n we analyze the equivalent one dimensional effective potentials and present various possible orbits of the test particles .  ⁇ n we also focus our study on the various parameters ( mass parameter , multiple charge parameters and gauge coupling constant ) of the solutions and present various possible orbits by tuning those parameters .  ⁇ n we also present the corresponding orbits of the test particles .  ⁇ n we also present various possible orbits by tuning those parameters .  ⁇ n pacs numbers : 04.20.dw , 04.20.gz , 04.20.gz '
b' we report on the characterization of the dilute ferromagnetic semiconductor ( dfs ) , based on x - ray and neutron diffraction .  ⁇ 
b' we consider a pure multipartite state of @xmath0-qubits .  ⁇ n we show that the violation of mermin - ardehali - belinskii - klyshko inequalities is not a necessary condition for distinguishing between biseparable and genuinely entangled states .  ⁇ n we also show that the @xmath0-qubit state does not violate the mermin - ardehali - belinskii - klyshko inequalities . '
b' we discuss the structure of the most massive planets ( gas giants ) , of intermediate - mass planets ( neptunes ) , and of low - mass planets ( terrestrial and ocean planets ) .  ⁇ n we conclude by discussing how our knowledge of exoplanet structure might improve over the next decade . '
b' we construct a superfield formulation of the vector - tensor multiplet in @
b' we present a new measurement of the h@
b' we introduce voronoi diagrams for pure quantum states on the bloch sphere by the quantum divergence .  ⁇ n these diagrams are shown to be equivalent to the ordinary voronoi diagram on the sphere .  ⁇ n we also introduce other voronoi diagrams on the sphere which are obtained by taking a limit of the voronoi diagrams used in the calculation of holevo capacity .  ⁇ n finally , all these diagrams the one by the fubini - study distance , the one by the bures distance , and the one obtained by taking a limit of the diagram in mixed states are shown to be identical . '
b' we consider a simple model for the roto / torsional dynamics of dna , based on the dna molecule as a double chain of coupled pendulums .  ⁇ n the model is characterized by a nonzero value for the parameter @xmath0 , where @xmath1 is the distance between the points in the equilibrium configuration .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the fractional quantum hall effect ( fqhe ) in the fermion chern - simons field theoretical approach .  ⁇ n we show that the fqhe occurs only as a result of strong electron - electron correlations , and the energy scale of the problem is set by the electron - electron interaction .  ⁇ 
b' we study the time evolution of a non - equilibrium profile created in an adsorbate layer with a lattice mismatch to a substrate .  ⁇ n the rate of profile evolution is studied numerically via molecular dynamics simulation .  ⁇ n we find that the rate of profile evolution is governed by the rate of domain wall creation at the boundary and its subsequent diffusion into the interior of the adsorbate layer .  ⁇ n the results are qualitatively similar to those observed for the pb / si(111 ) system .  ⁇ n in particular , the time evolution of the non - equilibrium profile is governed by the rate of domain wall creation at the boundary and its subsequent diffusion into the interior of the adsorbate layer .  ⁇ n the main results can be understood via microscopic mechanisms that are generic to an adsorbate layer under a compressive strain near a commensurate - incommensurate transition . '
b' we present a brief account of the recent progress in our understanding of the moon - earth - moon system .  ⁇ n we also discuss some of the methods by which the babylonian astronomers obtained their precise knowledge of the periods of the sun and the moon .  ⁇ n we also give a short account of our present understanding , making use of modern computer simulations of the lunar data , of some of the methods by which the babylonianians arrived at their precise knowledge of the periods of the sun and the moon .  ⁇ n we also give a short account of our present understanding , making use of modern computer simulations of the lunar data , of some of the methods by which the babylonian astronomers arrived at their precise knowledge of the periods of the sun and the moon .  ⁇ n we also give a short account of our present understanding , making use of modern computer simulations of the lunar data , of some of the methods by which the babylonians arrived at their precise knowledge of the periods of the sun and the moon .  ⁇ n we also give a short account of our present understanding 
b' we present a detailed analysis of the metallicity distribution function ( mdf ) of very metal - poor stars in the halo of the galaxy .  ⁇ n we find that the mdf of the halo stars peaks at a metallicity [ fe / h ] @xmath0 , with tails extending up to the solar metallicity , and to metallicities at least down to [ fe / h ] @xmath1 .  ⁇ n the shape of the low - metallicity tail of the halo mdf , and in particular , its cutoff , is consistent with one another , and with the predictions of the so - called  ⁇  simple model '' .  ⁇ n we also consider the large numbers of very metal - poor stars contained in the most recent public data release of the sloan digital sky survey .  ⁇ n we find that the mdf of the halo stars is continuous , with a sharp cutoff at [ fe / h ] @x
b' we study the characteristics and the model dependence of the quark - hadron phase transition in weakly isospin - asymmetric nuclear matter .  ⁇ n the equation of state ( eos ) based on the brueckner - hartree - fock approach implemented with three - body forces ( tbf ) is used .  ⁇ n the eos is obtained within the dirac - brueckner - hartree - fock model ( dbhf ) .  ⁇ n the eos is obtained by a combination of the brueckner - hartree - fock approach and the relativistic mean field model ( rmf ) .  ⁇ n the eos is compared with the rmf and dbhf eos .  ⁇ 
b' we present a green s function monte carlo ( gfmc ) calculation of the ground state of @xmath0he .  ⁇ 
b' we study the dynamics of a kerr nonlinearity coupled to a kerr nonlinearity .  ⁇ n we show that the system exhibits a variety of exact solutions , including solitons , asymmetric solitons , and asymmetric solitons .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study on the outcome of 2016 u.s .  ⁇ nresidential election using twitter .  ⁇ 
b' we present a perturbative approach to calculate gravitational waves from a coalesced compact binary .  ⁇ n we use a perturbative approach to describe the gravitational waves emitted from a neutron star binary .  ⁇ 
b' we study the critical temperature and condensate fraction for bose - einstein condensation in an anharmonic trap .  ⁇ n the potential harmonic expansion method is used to calculate the condensate wave function in the basis of two - body faddeev component .  ⁇ n the correlated basis function keeps all possible two - body correlations which facilitate us to study the beyond mean - field effect .  ⁇ n it is to be noted that the number of bosons in the condensate varies from few hundred to several thousands which is far below the thermodynamic limit .  ⁇ n the condensate fraction is calculated and compared with the predictions of non - interacting model . '
b' the spatial nucleon localization measure is used to characterize cluster states in light and heavy nuclei .  ⁇ n the localization measure is used to identify fission fragments in heavy nuclei .  ⁇ n the results for deformed light nuclei are compared with those for deformed light nuclei .  ⁇ n the results for heavy nuclei are in good agreement with the predictions of skyrme - density functional theory . '
b' we present a method for simulating fault - tolerant quantum error correction with pauli depolarizing channels .  ⁇ n we show that adding pauli measurements to the pauli depolarizing channel leads to significantly improved approximations for most error channels .  ⁇ n we also discuss a collection of random error channels and compare the performance of these models with the standard depolarizing channel . '
b' we study the effects of a u(1 ) field on the evolution of the axion inflaton @
b' we consider the evolution of the magnetic helicity in a periodic domain in the presence of an imposed magnetic field .  ⁇ n we show that the magnetic helicity of the fluctuating magnetic field is no longer conserved in the nonresistive limit , but that a certain generalized ( or total ) magnetic helicity that has sometimes been used instead is gauge dependent and can therefore not be used in the present case .  ⁇ n we then discuss applications of the magnetic helicity equation to the alpha - effect in mean - field electrodynamics and derive a model equation in order to understand the evolution of the magnetic helicity for different imposed field strengths . '
b' we describe a general measurement setup , in which a source emits nonclassically correlated light in different directions .  ⁇ n the coincidence of the emitted light beams with one out of individual on - off detector systems is described .  ⁇ n we derive criteria for nonclassical correlations between the emitted light beams .  ⁇ 
b' we present a brief overview of the current status of microlensing dark matter searches .  ⁇ n we discuss the basic idea of a microlensing dark matter search , and the current status of the microlensing dark matter search .  ⁇ n we discuss the current status of the microlensing dark matter search , and the current status of the microlensing dark matter search .  ⁇ n we also discuss the prospects for detecting microlensing events in the future .  ⁇ n # 1_#1 _ # 1_#1 _ = # 1 1.25 in .125 in .25 in '
b' we propose a scheme for the generation of fock states in a traveling mode .  ⁇ n the scheme is based on an avalanche triggering photodetector and a ring cavity coupled to an external traveling wave through a cross - kerr medium .  ⁇ n the input states of our proposal are customary coherent states .  ⁇ n the scheme differs from conventional setups involving conditional photon counters , since we use simple on off detection of an intense coherent field , allowing very low quantum efficiency at the photodetector .  ⁇ n moreover , as we will see , the scheme can also be used to engineer superpositions of few fock states , which are a crucial resource for optical quantum computers , and quantum tomography of optical hamiltonians . '
b' we study the dynamics of a bose - einstein - like fluid of photons in a bulk nonlinear optical medium .  ⁇ n we show that the nonlinear wave equation for the order parameter of a dilute bose - einstein condensate can be derived from the gross - pitaevskii equation for the order parameter of a dilute bose - einstein condensate .  ⁇ 
b' we present a novel numerical scheme for the hybrid monte carlo algorithm .  ⁇ 
b' learning to rank is a crucial issue in the field of information retrieval .  ⁇ n several algorithms have been proposed during the past decade to learn automatically ranking functions using a machine learning algorithm .  ⁇ n however , the issue of feature selection in learning to rank has emerged .  ⁇ n recently , several embedded feature selection methods have been proposed , which can be either preprocessing steps such as filter or wrapper approaches . in this paper  ⁇ n , we consider an embedded approach for feature selection in learning to rank .  ⁇ n we propose a general framework for feature selection in learning to rank using support vector machines and a regularization term to induce sparsity .  ⁇ n we investigate both convex and non - convex regularizations .  ⁇ n we first propose an accelerated forward backward splitting algorithm in order to solve the @xmath0-regularized problem .  ⁇ n then , we propose a reweighted @xmath0 algorithm to handle the non - convex penalties that benefits from the first algorithm .  ⁇ n we conduct intensive experiments on the let
b' we discuss the problem of work extraction using two two - level systems ( tls ) .  ⁇ n the effective temperature of the composite system is calculated explicitly in different regimes of parameter values .  ⁇ n we also compare some other definitions in literature for effective temperature of nonequilibrium systems . '
b' we present a method to determine the surface properties of the vacuum chamber of the lhc beam pipe , related to secondary emission and electron - cloud build - up .  ⁇ 
b' we study the dissipative dynamics of a particle in a harmonic oscillator potential coupled to two different baths .  ⁇ n the system is connected to two different baths comprising of @xmath0 quartic oscillators each .  ⁇ n we use linear response theory to study the dissipative dynamics of the system .  ⁇ n we find that the dissipation is more effective if the system is connected to the two baths with different chaoticity .  ⁇ n we also carry our numerical simulations and compare the theoretical results with those obtained from simulations . '
b' we present the results of an inter - planetary scintillation study of a large sample of compact steep - spectrum and gigahertz - peaked spectrum ( gps ) radio sources at 327 mhz using the ooty radio telescope .  ⁇ n the results of the ips observations have been made with the objectives of ( i ) determining the sizes and prominence of hotspots to investigate the collimation of radio jets and the evolution of these sources ; ( ii ) investigating the existence of radio halos at a low frequency on the scale of hundreds of milliarcsec in addition to the more compact structure , suggesting that earlier periods of activity have been observed ; and ( iii ) determining the low - frequency spectra of compact components in an attempt to distinguish between different processes to explain the low - frequency turnover in the spectra of gps sources .  ⁇ n the evidence for the existence of possible large - scale structures on the scale of hundreds of mas is presented .  ⁇ n the spectra of 5 
b' we review the status of the neutrino - oscillation analysis of long - baseline experiments using conventional beams .  ⁇ 
b' the maps of @xmath0 and @xmath1 distribution for two spiral galaxies - and m 51 are presented .  ⁇ n the ellipses of the color maps are symmetrically distributed .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new distance determination for the lacerta ob1 ( i lacertae ) association , based on the 2mass jhks photometry .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the spectrum of electromagnetically induced transparency ( eit ) in strongly correlated atomic systems .  ⁇ n the eit spectrum is shown to be solely determined by the single - particle green s function of the ground - state atoms .  ⁇ n the non - trivial many - body effect for the spectrum is predicted when the atoms are virtually coupled to the low - lying rydberg states .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the accuracy of the akbarimoghanjoughi ( am ) and stanton and murillo ( sm ) static potentials for weakly correlated electrons .  ⁇ n we find that the am and sm potentials are more accurate than the se ones .  ⁇ 
b' we show that the unphysical linear response current @xmath0 presented by delaney and greer [ phys .  ⁇ n rev .  ⁇ n b * 84 * , 012306 ( 2005 ) ] is the result of a defective variational approach .  ⁇ 
b' we present preliminary results of xmm - newton observations of three galaxy clusters with redshifts between 0.2 and 0.8 .  ⁇ n the clusters rx j0256.5 + 0006 , rx j2237.0 - 1516 and rx j1200.8 - 0328 are selected to be a member of the serendipitous high redshift archival rosat cluster survey .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new method for evaluating higher - loop integrals , based on the mellin barnes approach .  ⁇ 
b' we present the spectral energy distribution ( sed ) of the flat spectrum radio quasar ( fsrq ) mrk 421 , which is a blazar with a high - synchrotron - peaked ( lsp ) @xmath0hz spectrum .  ⁇ 
b' we study the structure of a gaseous accretion disk around a super - massive black hole ( smbh ) .  ⁇ n we find that in a range of distances from smbh , interestingly centered at @xmath0 parsec , creation of first low - mass proto - stars should lead to very rapid accretion on these stars .  ⁇ n the respective accretion luminosity greatly exceeds the disk radiative cooling , thus heating and puffing up the disk .  ⁇ n the new thermal equilibrium reached is that of a disk stable to self - gravity where further disk fragmentation is shut off .  ⁇ n star formation is however continued via accretion onto the existing proto - stars , which then grow to large masses .  ⁇ n we therefore predict that stellar disks around smbhs generically posses top - heavy imf , as seems to be observed in @xcite . '
b' we present a theory of the conservation group .  ⁇ n we show that the conservation group is a proper subgroup of the group of diffeomorphisms .  ⁇ n we also show that the conservation group is a proper subgroup of the group of diffeomorphisms . '
b' we study the gravitational collapse of a perfect fluid with a linear isentropic equation of state .  ⁇ n we show that the collapse end state is either a black hole or a naked singularity depending on the nature of the initial data from which the collapse evolves .  ⁇ n we also show that the collapse end state is a naked singularity , if the equation of state is assumed to be polytropic .  ⁇ 
b' we present results of a search for variable stars in the field of 47 tuc .  ⁇ n the johnson @xmath0 band photometry was obtained for 42 stars .  ⁇ n the photometry was obtained with the help of dophot .  ⁇ n the number of variables analyzed for variability was 18397 to 33014 .  ⁇ n the photometry was obtained for stars with @xmath1 .  ⁇ 
b' the fermi bubbles ( fbs ) are extended regions characterized by gamma emission with a spectrum @xmath0 .  ⁇ n they cover @xmath2 sr in the sky and are centered around the galactic center , almost symmetrically with respect to the galactic plane .  ⁇ n the fbs can be a source of high - energy neutrinos .  ⁇ n the antares neutrino telescope is located in the mediterranean sea close to the southern french coast of toulon .  ⁇ n the antares neutrino telescope is located in the mediterranean sea close to the southern french coast of toulon .  ⁇ n the antares neutrino telescope is located in the mediterranean sea close to the southern french coast of toulon .  ⁇ n the antares neutrino telescope is located in the mediterranean sea close to the southern french coast of toulon .  ⁇ n the antares neutrino telescope is located
b' we study the renormalization of coulomb gauge yang - mills theory within the lagrange formalism .  ⁇ n we show that the generating functional of one - particle - irreducible green s functions in the lagrange formalism reduces to the one of the lagrangean approach .  ⁇ n this allows to reduce the set of dyson - schwinger equations in the first order formalism to the corresponding set derived from the standard path integral representation .  ⁇ n we also show that the corresponding generating functionals can be obtained from the hamilton formalism .  ⁇ n we also show that the corresponding generating functionals can be obtained from the corresponding set of dyson - schwinger equations .  ⁇ n we also discuss the renormalization procedure in the lagrange formalism .  ⁇ n pacs numbers : 11.30.hw , 11.30.rd , 11.30.hw '
b' we present a simple model for the stress propagation in granular media .  ⁇ n the model is a generalisation of the arching model proposed by liu , coppersmith et al .  ⁇ n @xcite .  ⁇ 
b' we discuss the eigenvalues and eigenfunctions of the non - hermitian hamiltonian of an open quantum system .  ⁇ n the eigenvalues and eigenfunctions of the non - hermitian hamiltonian are analyzed in a finite parameter range around the exceptional point .  ⁇ n the results of further calculations on the basis of a schematical model show that the exceptional point influences not only the eigenvalues and eigenfunctions of the non - hermitian hamiltonian in a finite parameter range around its position but is itself also influenced by another nearby state .  ⁇ n the results of further calculations on the basis of a schematical model show that the results of further calculations on the basis of a schematical model show that an exceptional point influences not only the eigenvalues and eigenfunctions of a non - hermitian hamiltonian in a finite parameter range around its position but is itself also influenced by another nearby state .  ⁇ 
b' we study the ground state of a frenkel - kontorova chain in the pinned phase .  ⁇ n we show that the ground state has a hierarchical structure , which is determined by number properties of the ratio of the mean interparticle distance to the period of the external potential .  ⁇ n we also show that the pinned phase has a hierarchical structure , which is different from the one predicted by the chirikov standard map .  ⁇ n we show that the hierarchy of the ground state is a consequence of the symmetry of the chirikov standard map .  ⁇ n we also show that the hierarchy of the ground state is a consequence of the symmetry of the chirikov standard map . '
b' we present two paradigms for implementing computation using local perturbations on the collective dynamics of a model system of coupled relaxation oscillators .  ⁇ n the first paradigm is based on the emergence of glider - like configurations in a two - dimensional array of coupled oscillators .  ⁇ 
b' we study the relative computational efficiency of the frequency domain ( fd ) and time domain ( td ) methods for the solution of the inhomogeneous teukolsky equation .  ⁇ n we show that the fd and td methods are comparable in the results they are able to produce .  ⁇ 
b' we review the basic ideas of minkowski space .  ⁇ n we discuss the structure of the minimal set of hypotheses from which the structure of minkowski space could be deduce
b' we investigate the onset of oscillatory rayleigh - bnard convection in a fluid rotating uniformly about a vertical axis .  ⁇ n the onset of convection is characterized by a stationary instability , and the convection is always unsteady at the instability onset .  ⁇ n the instability onset is characterized by a critical value of the taylor number @xmath0 , which is a ratio of the centrifugal force to the force of buoyancy .  ⁇ n the critical value of @xmath0 is @xmath1 , which is a ratio of the centrifugal force to the force of buoyancy .  ⁇ n the convection is characterized by a bifurcation , which is a bifurcation of the convective pattern .  ⁇ n the bifurcation is characterized by a bifurcation of the convective pattern .  ⁇ n the bifurcation is characterized by a bifurcation of the convective
b' we consider the square ice model on a finite square with unrestricted boundary conditions .  ⁇ n we show that there are as many alternating sign matrices ( asms ) with the new pairing as with the old one , as conjectured by carl bosley and lukasz fidkowski .  ⁇ 
b' we construct a set of ergodic moves for the dual @xmath0 lattice gauge theory .  ⁇ n these move , together with the amplitude of @xcite , allow us to perform the first metropolis algorithm simulations of the dual @xmath0 in four dimensions .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the stability of relativistic jets to the kelvin - helmholtz instability .  ⁇ n we consider the supermagnetosonic and trans - alfvnic regimes , and the stabilizing effects of relativistic jet speeds in the trans - alfvnic and supermagnetosonic regimes .  ⁇ n we find that the trans - alfvnic regime is more stable than the supermagnetosonic regime .  ⁇ n we also find that the trans - alfvnic regime is more stable than the supermagnetosonic regime . '
b' we present a theoretical study of the pumping of the 1720 mhz oh maser lines in supernova remnants ( snrs ) .  ⁇ n we show that the oh maser is produced by the weak x - ray flux from the snr interior .  ⁇ n the oh maser is pumped by the x - ray flux from the snr , and thus is a powerful diagnostic of the shocked molecular gas .  ⁇ n we show that the oh maser is produced by the weak x - ray flux from the snr interior .  ⁇ n the oh maser is pumped by the x - ray flux from the snr interior , and thus is a powerful diagnostic of the shocked molecular gas .  ⁇ 
b' we report on the lasing properties of a triangular organic microlaser of asymmetric shape .  ⁇ n the lasing modes are analyzed by means of a numerical method .  ⁇ 
b' we study the effect of spin - dependent interfacial phase shifts ( sdips ) on the magnetoresistance ( @xmath0 ) of a quantum dot contacted to ferromagnetic leads through spin - active interfaces .  ⁇ n we use an anderson model to study the @xmath0 of the circuit above the gate voltage source @xmath1 .  ⁇ 
b' we present the first demonstration of quantum key distribution ( qkd ) to a receiver on a moving aircraft .  ⁇ n our apparatuses incorporate coarse- and fine - pointing systems necessary to establish and maintain optical link , quantum source and measurement components that conduct polarization - encoded qkd , and suitable post - processing algorithms to extract secure key .  ⁇ n the results show good performance at the same angular rates exhibited by low - earth - orbit ( leo ) satellites .  ⁇ n our qkd receiver makes extensive use of components custom - designed according to the mass , volume , power , thermal , and vacuum operating environment requirements of systems to be embedded in a satellite payload .  ⁇ n the results , together with our airborne operational demonstration , illustrate the feasibility and technological readiness of an uplink qkd satellite . '
b' we study the next to leading order effective potential of the nambu - jona - lasinio model at zero and finite temperatures .  ⁇ n we find that the effective potential develops an imaginary part at finite temperature .  ⁇ n this is due to the same reasons as in the pure scalar case .  ⁇ n we also discuss the mermin - wagner - coleman theorem . '
b' a model of a system subject to competing failure modes within an external stressing environment is considered .  ⁇ n the system is assumed to be subject to a random shock model .  ⁇ n the external environment is assumed to stress the system at random and isolated times according to a random shock model .  ⁇ n the system may fail through three competing failure modes : traumatic failure due to a fatal shock ; soft failure due to a fatal shock ; and sudden failure due to accidental failures .  ⁇ n the system may fail through three different competing failure modes : traumatic failure due to a fatal shock ; soft failure due to a fatal shock ; and sudden failure due to traumatic failure due to accidental failures .  ⁇ n each non fatal shock induces some increase of both deterioration level and failure , with possible dependence in - between .  ⁇ 
b' we consider several coverage problems .  ⁇ n the problems consist in deciding whether a certain level of coverage can be attained in a given system .  ⁇ n we show that the maximal coverage problem is np - complete for graphs with general partitions .  ⁇ n we also show that the problem is pspace - complete for game graphs .  ⁇ n finally , we consider the coverage problem in bounded time , consisting in checking whether a specified number of partitions can be visited in a pre - established number of steps . '
b' we present a theoretical study of the inelastic neutron scattering structure factor for a s=1/2 spin cluster with a symmetric ground state spin .  ⁇ n the results are obtained using a quasiclassical formalism .  ⁇ n the results are compared with experimental data for s=1/2 spin dimers , tetramers and tetrahedral trimers .  ⁇ n we also present results for s=1/2 spin tetramers . '
b' we report on the structural and magnetic properties of coo / pd(001 ) , a ferromagnetic - antiferromagnetic ( fm - afm ) film grown on ag(001 ) .  ⁇ 
b' we study the medium modifications of the vector meson masses and decay widths in hot and dense matter within the framework of quantum hadrodynamics .  ⁇ n we show that the vacuum polarisation effects from the baryon sector play an important role in the medium modification of the vector meson masses and decay widths .  ⁇ n we also show that the dilepton spectra from hot and dense matter are affected by the vacuum polarisation effects .  ⁇ 
b' i discuss the impact of neutrino oscillation measurements on theory .  ⁇ n i discuss the future prospects for neutrino interferometry . '
b' we analyse the curveball algorithm , a markov chain approach to randomising bipartite graphs and directed graphs with self - loops .  ⁇ 
b' we study the dynamics of a superconducting qubit interacting with a single harmonic oscillator .  ⁇ n we show that the qubit - cavity system can be mapped to a state in which the qubit , the oscillator or both are populated with excitations and photons , respectively .  ⁇ n we show that the system can be mapped to a non - equilibrium state , in which the qubit is projected onto its ground state .  ⁇ n we show that the repeated measurements accumulate information exponentially fast and behave like an anti - zeno effect in which the qubit is projected onto its excited state .  ⁇ n we show that this anti - zeno  ⁇  decay '' is very efficient and does only require a _ short number of repeated measurements _ with a repetition rate which is much slower than in the standard anti - zeno effect . '
b' we investigate the optimal estimation of a general unitary parametrization process , where the initial state is a pure state .  ⁇ 
b' the advection of the spot by large scale flow around the band regime of plane couette flow is studied numerically .  ⁇ n the spot is reorganised by a strong enough local perturbation of the laminar flow .  ⁇ n the spot is reorganised by a large scale flow .  ⁇ n the advection is qualitatively studied on snapshots , and quantitatively using procedures that will be studied systematically in a future article .  ⁇ n the results are discussed . '
b' numerical relativity ( nr ) simulations of black hole ( bh ) spacetimes have been used to study the gravitational wave ( gw ) signals generated by bh binaries .  ⁇ n we provide an overview of the most recent developments in these areas which , for reasons of clarity , divide into three categories : ( i ) numerical studies of fundamental properties of bh spacetimes , ( ii ) applications to the modeling of trans - planckian scattering and ( iii ) the gauge gravity duality .  ⁇ n we also discuss scenarios of relevance for more than one of these major topics .  ⁇ n for example the stability of rotating bhs in higher dimensions is discussed and likely also affects the signature in the conjectured formation of mini bhs in trans - planckian scattering events .  ⁇ n we also list more specialized review articles for further reading . '
b' we study an sirs model on an adaptive network .  ⁇ n the model is a slight generalization of the susceptible - infective - recovered - susceptible ( sis ) model .  ⁇ 
b' we study the ground state properties of a quasi - one - dimensional atomic plasma made of ionised atoms confined in a paul trap .  ⁇ n the system is characterized by a linear chain of ions , whose ground state is a zig - zag chain .  ⁇ 
b' we present a systematic way to construct high order symplectic integrators for three part hamiltonian systems .  ⁇ n we apply these methods to a toy model as well as to the disordered discrete nonlinear schrdinger equation .  ⁇ n we compare the efficiency of these methods with respect to their energy conservation and computational efficiency .  ⁇ n we show that triple split methods are more efficient than triple split methods .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the conductivity of graphene at nonzero temperature , in the presence of nonzero mass - gap parameter and chemical potential .  ⁇ n the polarization tensor of graphene is derived in the real frequency plane .  ⁇ 
b' we study theoretically and numerically spin turbulence in a spin-1 spinor bose  ⁇ n einstein condensate .  ⁇ n we show that the spin - dependent interaction energy obeys a -7/3 power law , which is different from the traditional kolmogorov -5/3 power law in turbulence .  ⁇ n the spin density vectors are spatially random but temporally frozen , which reminds us of the analogy of spin glass .  ⁇ n we also discuss the role of the spin - dependent interaction energy in spin turbulence . '
b' we study the gravitational and electromagnetic radiation from the tidal disruption of a main sequence star and a helium star by a massive black hole .  ⁇ n we use a relativistic smoothed particle hydrodynamic code to investigate the gravitational wave and photon emission accompanying the tidal disruption event .  ⁇ n we find that the gravitational wave signal is a burst , and that the photon flares are expected to be associated with the tidal disruption of the star .  ⁇ n the detection of the gravitational wave signal would provide the means for determining the direction , occurrence time and possibly the redshift of the event .  ⁇ n the detection of the photon flares would provide the means for obtaining independent evidence for the existence and properties of the massive black hole .  ⁇ n we also discuss the detectability of the gravitational waves , and the constraints obtainable from photon and gravitational wave observations .  ⁇ n astrophysical physics , tidal disruption , gravitational waves , x 
b' we study the effect of inhomogeneities along the line of sight to type ia supernovae ( sne ia ) .  ⁇ n we use four different approximations to probe inhomogeneities : the dyer  ⁇ n roseder ( dr ) , the weak lensing approximation with uncompensated density along the line of sight , and the flux - averaging approximation .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the effect of curvature on spin polarization in two output leads of a multi - terminal conductor .  ⁇ n we show that for a ring shaped conductor spin polarized currents are obtained in output leads of a multi - terminal geometry from a completely unpolarized beam of electrons , while absolute zero spin polarization is obtained for the linear conductor . '
b' we have observed the vela pulsar with a range of australian telescopes .  ⁇ n we have measured the proper motion and parallax of the pulsar to an unprecedented accuracy ( @xmath0 @xmath1 , @xmath2 mas ) .  ⁇ n we have found the radio pulsar wind nebula ( pwn ) that surrounds the x - ray pwn .  ⁇ n we have detected the core interaction in the spin up of the pulsar in the glitch of 2000 .  ⁇ n we have used the australia telescope compact array ( atca ) to map the radio pulsar wind nebula ( pwn ) .  ⁇ n we have used the university of tasmania s dedicated pul
b' we study the density dependence of the nuclear symmetry energy in the framework of a relativistic mean - field model .  ⁇ 
b' we study the dynamics of a bose gas at finite temperatures .  ⁇ n the classical field approximation is introduced with the high momentum cut - off .  ⁇ n the cross - over energy is a growing function of the scattering length .  ⁇ n we apply the method to a dynamical dissipative process .  ⁇ n we track the decay of the vortex on a finite temperature , partially condensed bose gas . '
b' we present a new approach to the processing of data in relational database management systems ( rdbms ) .  ⁇ n the approach is based on the use of a relational schema - less schema , which is a key - value - based process .  ⁇ 
b' we present a mechanism for hysteresis in black hole binaries based on established properties of accretion flows in which angular momentum is transported by the magnetorotational instability ( mri ) .  ⁇ n net fields increase the strength of the mri , leading to @xmath0 for net fields whose ratio of gas to magnetic pressure is @xmath1 .  ⁇ n once a thin disk has formed and the accretion rate has dropped significantly below eddington , the net flux is able to diffuse out radially through the disk , and @
b' we construct a non - anticommutative @xmath0 supersymmetric theory in four dimensions , with a trilinear superpotential .  ⁇ n the renormalisation group is @xmath1 .  ⁇ 
b' the paper presents a new sheaf - theoretic framework for the construction of magnetic monopoles .  ⁇ n this framework is based on the hopf fibration and is formally applied to generic hopf fibrations .  ⁇ n the main result is the definition of a quasispin structure on arbitrary space - times .  ⁇ n the results suggest that topological quantisation in general can be viewed from a more flexible perspective .  ⁇ n the main physical consequence of the present model is that their detection would not necessarily imply the quantisation of electric charge .  ⁇ n furthermore , grand unified theories require the existence of magnetic monopoles , and , according to conventional field theory described in terms of manifolds , this necessarily implies the quantisation of electric charge .  ⁇ n the results suggest that topological quantisation in general can be viewed from a more flexible perspective .  ⁇ n the results suggest that topological quantisation in general can be viewed from a more flexible perspective .  ⁇ n a sheaf construction permits the global description of fermion fields on
b' hierarchical semi - markov models are deep generalisations of the linear - chain conditional random field ( crf ) .  ⁇ n they are suitable for sequential data that follows nested markovian processes , in that a state in a sub - markov chain is also a markov chain at the child level .  ⁇ n however , the inference complexity of these models is cubic in sequence length .  ⁇ n this technique is only appropriate for short data sequences , e.g. in nlp .  ⁇ n the main drawback of these formulations is that the inference complexity inherited from the inside - outside algorithm of the context - free grammars is cubic in sequence length .  ⁇ n therefore , this technique can not handle deep architectures . in this contribution  ⁇ n , we introduce a gibbs sampling technique that has a potential of achieving sub - cubic time complexity in sequence length and linear time in model depth .  ⁇ n the idea is that , although the models are complex , the nested property allows only one state transition at
b' frequently asked questions ( faq ) based qa aims to search the faq archives and check if a similar question was previously asked .  ⁇ n the core of faq - based qa is to calculate semantic similarities between questions .  ⁇ n this is a very challenging task , because two questions may share the same meaning .  ⁇ n this is a very challenging task , because two questions may be quite different at the word or syntactic level .  ⁇ n this paper proposes a novel word - alignment - based method to solve this task .  ⁇ n the characteristics of our method include : ( 1 ) a neural network model for calculating question similarity with word alignment features .  ⁇ n for an input question and a candidate question , the similarities of each word pair ( between the two questions )  ⁇ 
b' we present a rigorous analytical treatment of the phase evolution of an atom in an optical lattice .  ⁇ n we show that the phase acquired during interactions of the atoms with light is an important component of the phase acquired during the interaction .  ⁇ 
b' we present an exact solution of the heat current through a molecular junction , under explicit nonequilibrium conditions manifested by a finite temperature gradient between the two baths to which the molecule is coupled the electrons in a conduction band and a bosonic bath .  ⁇ n the solution is asymptotically exact in the sense that it is governed by the smallness of the electron - phonon coupling with respect to the effective energy band of the conductance electrons .  ⁇ n we then turn to a master equation approach , which is perturbative in nature , in order to calculate again the heat current .  ⁇ n this approach allows us to gain some useful physical understanding of the processes involved .  ⁇ n we also consider the case where the localized fermionic level is taken off - resonance , which breaks the particle - hole symmetry of the problem and adds a linear term to our quadratic hamiltonian .  ⁇ n we then turn to a master equation approach , which is perturbative in nature , in order to calculate again the heat current
b' we present a study of the globular cluster system ( gcs ) around the central galaxy of the hydra i galaxy cluster .  ⁇ n we have obtained a homogeneous data set of the hydra i cluster and the centaurus cluster .  ⁇ n we have found that the gcss of the two clusters are very rich , with a red gcs residing in the center of the clusters .  ⁇ 
b' we present new measurements of radial velocities of galaxies in the fields of 18 apm clusters .  ⁇ n our data combined with radial velocities from the literature allow us to determine cluster velocity dispersions for 17 apm clusters ( 13 of these without previous estimates ) .  ⁇ 
b' we study the evolution of the single particle spectral weight as a function of doping in the stripe phase of doped @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we show that the spectral weight maps obtained by means of the cluster perturbation technique for the stripe phase are not well described by a phenomenological theory .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a method for the identification of schmidt number ( sn ) of a given quantum state .  ⁇ n the method is based on the optimization of a general class of sn witnesses .  ⁇ n the method is compared with the well known spectral decomposition and the schmidt decomposition of quantum states .  ⁇ n we also provide some general classes of sn witnesses .  ⁇ n we apply the method to the case of a phase diffused two - mode squeezed - vacuum state . '
b' we present a seismological study to derive the strength of the magnetic field in the outer corona with the use of streamer waves , recently reported by chen et al .  ⁇ n ( 2010 ) .  ⁇ n the wave properties like the wavelength , period , and phase speed , as well as the possibility of deriving the magnetic field strength with this wave , are already presented in paper i. the wave properties like the wavelength , period , and phase speed , as well as the possibility of deriving the magnetic field strength with this wave , are briefly discussed .  ⁇ n the wave properties like the wavelength , period , and phase speed , as well as the possibility of deriving the magnetic field strength with this wave , are already presented in paper i. the wave properties like the wavelength , period , and phase speed , as well as the possibility of deriving the magnetic field strength with this wave , are already presented in paper i. the wave properties like the wavelength , period , and phase speed , as well as the possibility of deriving the magnetic
b' we prove that the regular gaussian distributions that factorize with respect to a chain graph have positive lebesgue measure with respect to the chain graph , whereas those that factorize with respect to the chain graph but are not faithful to it have zero lebesgue measure with respect to the chain graph .  ⁇ n this means that , in the measure - theoretic sense described , almost all the regular gaussian distributions that factorize with respect to the chain graph are faithful to it .  ⁇ n this result has two important implications : ( 1 ) the use of chain graphs to represent independence models in artificial intelligence and statistics has increased over the years , particularly in the case of undirected graphs and acyclic directed graphs .  ⁇ n ( 2 ) the use of chain graphs to represent independence models in artificial intelligence and statistics has increased over the years , particularly in the case of undirected graphs and acyclic directed graphs .  ⁇ n ( 3 ) the use of chain graphs to represent independence models that can be represented exactly by chain graphs but that can not be represented exactly
b' we present a new method to simulate the convective overshooting in stellar convection .  ⁇ n the method is based on the moment method and is a generalization of the xiong s closure model .  ⁇ n the resulting equations for the moments of the turbulent fluctuations are solved by the xiong s closure model .  ⁇ n the resulting equations are solved by the xiong s closure model .  ⁇ 
b' in this paper , we propose a new algorithm for accelerating the computational time for computer generated holograms and diffraction calculations .  ⁇ n the algorithm is based on the gerchberg - saxton algorithm , which gradually retrieves phase information of an object light from a hologram plane .  ⁇ n the algorithm is based on the yang - gu algorithm , which is a modified version of the fresnel diffraction method .  ⁇ n the algorithm is based on the yang - gu algorithm , which is a modified version of the fresnel diffraction method .  ⁇ n the algorithm is based on the yang - gu algorithm , which is a modified version of the fresnel diffraction method .  ⁇ 
b' we discuss the possibility that the trans - planckian regime of quantum gravity is dominated by a classical , infra - red , field configuration .  ⁇ 
b' the calice experiment has performed tests of the analog hadron calorimeter ( ahcal ) .  ⁇ n the granular structure of the active layers allows for identification of tracks generated by minimum ionizing particles passing through the active layers .  ⁇ n this article presents an algorithm for the identification of track segments within hadronic showers .  ⁇ 
b' in this paper , we propose a simple , easy to implement , distributed fair scheduling algorithm that provides exact weighted fairness in ieee 802.11 wireless networks , despite the unpredictability of the 802.11 mac layer and physical channels .  ⁇ n vls provides exact weighted fairness despite the unpredictability of the 802.11 mac layer and physical channels .  ⁇ 
b' we present a method for reconstructing the cosmic microwave background ( @xmath0 ) signal from arcminute resolution radio - interferometric observations of small patches of the celestial sphere .  ⁇ n the method is based on a bayesian approach to the denoising of the string signal , based on a steerable wavelet transform .  ⁇ n the string signal coefficients are well modeled by generalized gaussian distributions , which are fitted at each wavelet scale using a training simulation borrowed from the set of realistic string simulations recently produced by @xcite .  ⁇ n the method is tested on a set of wilkinson microwave anisotropy probe ( @xmath1 ) observations of the cosmic microwave background ( @xmath0 ) , probing small patches of the celestial sphere at the same arcminute resolution .  ⁇ n we show that the string signal coefficients are well modeled by generalized gaussian distributions , which are fitted at each wavelet scale using a training simulation borrowed from the set of realistic string
b' we present a microgravity experiment aimed at the generation of a large spherical drop of water , inside which we studied cavitation bubbles .  ⁇ n the apparatus was flown on parabolic flights , offering sequences of microgravity phases lasting for about 20 seconds .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the effect of a threshold nonlinearity on the long - range interactions between earthquakes and faults .  ⁇ n we show that the threshold nonlinearity is asymmetric in the crust , characterized by an asymmetric response to compressive versus extensive perturbations around the lithostatic stress .  ⁇ n this nonlinearity stems from a mechanically - modeled elastic medium .  ⁇ 
b' we determine the ehrenfest - time dependence of the conductance variance of a chaotic system coupled to external leads via nonideal contacts modeled by tunnel barriers .  ⁇ n the presence of tunnel barriers has the dramatic effect that the conductance variance increases or decreases with @xmath0 , depending on the value of @xmath1 .  ⁇ n for @xmath2 , we observe an enhancement of the variance above the universal value in the presence of time reversal symmetry for equal lead widths of @xmath3 .  ⁇ n the precise dependence on @xmath3 is obtained . '
b' we present a new estimate of the mass function of dormant black holes ( bhs ) residing in the nuclei of nearby galaxie
b' we present a detailed analysis of the behaviour of passive subdiffusive motion in a medium .  ⁇ n we show that the time averaged second moment grows linearly with time , and that the associated time averaged second moment may grow non - ergodicly with time .  ⁇ n we also show that the time averaged second moment may be non - ergodic , and that the associated time averaged second moment may grow _ linearly _ with time .  ⁇ n we discuss the implications of our results for the modelling of biological cells and complex fluids . '
b' we study the acceleration of particles by fragmented electric fields distributed inside flaring loops .  ⁇ n we consider a two - dimensional model of a turbulent reconnecting plasma , with a time - dependent magnetic field .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new spectropolarimetric study of the hd 184927 .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the star - forming history of m31 , based on a sample of 58 bright ( @xmath0 ) resolved stars .  ⁇ n we use the sloan digital sky survey ( sdss ) to derive a star - forming history ( sfh ) of m31 , based on the sdss dr7 spectroscopic sample .  ⁇ n we find that the sfh of m31 is dominated by a classical metal - poor halo , with a sfh of @xmath1 .  ⁇ n the sfh of m31 is dominated by a classical metal - poor halo , with a sfh of @xmath2 .  ⁇ n the sfh of m31 is dominated by a classical metal - poor halo , with a sfh of @xmath3 .  ⁇ n the sfh of m
b' we consider the problem of reconstructing binary matrices from their row and column sums .  ⁇ 
b' egaps is a multi - band galactic plane survey , aimed at obtaining photometry for 1 billion stars in the galactic plane .  ⁇ n the main goal of egaps is to obtain broad band ( u , g , r , i , z , y , j , h , ks ) and narrow band ( h@xmath0 and hei ) photometry of a 10 degree latitude strip centred in the plane all along the galaxy , i.e. covering the northern and southern galactic planes and going down to 21st magnitude in the optical bands .  ⁇ n the main science drivers for egaps are very broad and range from the study of proto - stars , interacting binaries , planetary nebulae and other stellar remnants , to the study of galactic structure and dust .  ⁇ n egaps will be complete by 2010 .  ⁇ n the main motivation for egaps is to obtain broad band ( u , g
b' we study the nonequilibrium dynamics of two - component interacting fermions in a one - dimensional optical lattice .  ⁇ n the ground state physics of these systems is characterized by a tomonaga - luttinger state with power - law decaying correlations at any incommensurate filling .  ⁇ n at half - filling , a charge gap opens and the system exhibits quasi long - range antiferromagnetic correlations .  ⁇ n we investigate the possible relation between these out - of - equilibrium systems and their equilibrium counterparts , and we provide evidence that correlations measured in nonequilibrium are quantitatively described by appropriately chosen equilibrium reference systems .  ⁇ n we also comment on the validity of our findings in other models , such as the hubbard chain with a nearest - neighbor repulsion , which renders the model nonintegrable . '
b' we study the flow past surfaces on which the slip length is modulated in stripes with the lattice boltzmann method .  ⁇ n we use a recently proposed velocity boundary condition for the lattice boltzmann method that is independent of the relaxation process during collision and contains no artificial slip .  ⁇ 
b' we study the effect of quantum correction on the luminosity - redshift relation of type ia supernovae .  ⁇ n we use a massless scalar field to model the dark matter / energy , and derive the luminosity - redshift relation of this model .  ⁇ n we also study the quantum effects , paying much attention to the @xmath0-parameter in the @xmath1 scheme . '
b' we present evidence that the reionization era is already occurring at @xmath0 .  ⁇ 
b' we show that transit duration variation ( tdv ) due to an exomoon can be used to detect the transit duration variation ( tdv ) of a planet .  ⁇ n the tdv signal is a strong function of the impact parameter of the transit .  ⁇ n we predict that the tdv signal has in fact two components : i ) a velocity component ii ) a transit impact parameter ( tip ) component .  ⁇ n the v - component is the same effect we described in our previous work , where the planet s velocity is perturbed by the moon s presence .  ⁇ n the tip - component is a new effect which is due to the planet moving between higher and lower impact parameters as a result of the wobbling .  ⁇ n the tdv effect has in fact two primary components : i ) a velocity component ii ) a transit impact parameter component .  ⁇ n the v - component is the same effect we described in our previous work , where the planet s velocity is
b' we present a field theoretic approach to the thermodynamics of the bcs to bec crossover of a fermi gas with an attractive interaction .  ⁇ n the formalism is based on the local density approximation .  ⁇ n we calculate the entropy as a function of temperature , which allows to do reliable thermometry for the trapped unitary gas and also gives a precise value for the critical temperature and the associated entropy per particle .  ⁇ n in addition , we show that starting well in the superfluid regime , much lower temperatures and entropies can be reached by removing atoms from the edge of the cloud , which carry most of the entropy .  ⁇ n in addition , we show that starting well in the superfluid regime , much lower temperatures and entropies can be reached by removing atoms from the edge of the cloud , which carry most of the entropy .  ⁇ n pacs numbers : 05.70.-a , 05.70.-a , 05
b' a new scenario for extracting rotational energy of a stellar black hole ( bh ) is proposed by considering the configuration of the magnetic field restricted by the screw instability .  ⁇ n this mechanism is referred to as the dl process , implying that energy and angular momentum are extracted magnetically from * disk * to * load * .  ⁇ n the expressions for the powers and torques of the three energy mechanisms are derived in the two kinds of equivalent circuits .  ⁇ n it turns out that the dl power is generally less than the blandford - znajek ( bz ) and magnetic coupling ( mc ) processes , and it is comparable with the latter two when the bh spin approaches unity .  ⁇ n the radiation from a quasi - steady thin disk is discussed in detail by applying the conservation laws of mass , energy and angular momentum to the regions corresponding to the mc and dl processes .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a _  ⁇ n chandra _ observation of the supergiant fast x ray transient igr j084084503 .  ⁇ 
b' the arpes spectra of bisco are studied within the first - principles band theory framework .  ⁇ n the pristine phase with the body centered tetragonal lattice structure is assumed ; the computationally more demanding case of the orthorhombic and modulated lattices is hoped to be taken up in the future .  ⁇ n the pristine phase with the body centered tetragonal lattice structure is assumed ; the computationally more demanding case of the modulated lattice is hoped to be taken up in the future .  ⁇ n the pristine phase with the body centered tetragonal lattice structure is assumed ; the body centered tetragonal lattice structure is assumed .  ⁇ n the excitation of states in the vicinity of the fermi energy around the @xmath0 symmetry point is found to display a strong energy and polarization dependence .  ⁇ n the response of the antibonding and bonding combinations of states from the @xmath0 bilayers is found to display a strong
b' we define a virtual tangle diagram and a virtual tangle diagram modulo the generalised reidemeister moves and boundary preserving isotopies .  ⁇ 
b' we study the one dimensional version of the classical soap film model proposed by s. s. sasso .  ⁇ n we use the functional integral formalism to solve the problem .  ⁇ n we then analyze the case of finite films with surface binding interactions and discuss the nature of the charge regulation and the stability criterion for the one dimensional film .  ⁇ n we compare the exact results with those of mean field theory and show that the mean field poisson - boltzmann theory is in excellent agreement with the exact results .  ⁇ n we also discuss the qualitative behavior of the one dimensional system and compare the results with experiments . '
b' we report the detection of x - ray emission from the virial radius of the most luminous cluster in the _ bright cluster survey _ , 1835 .  ⁇ 
b' we study the late time evolution of gravitational waves in the randall - sundrum braneworld cosmology , evolving through the radiation - dominated stage after their generation during inflation .  ⁇ n we show that the late time power spectrum of gravitational waves is dominated by the kaluza - klein modes , and that the damping of the gravitational wave amplitude due to the kaluza - klein mode generation is negligible .  ⁇ 
b' we study the flow behaviour of two- and three - dimensional ( 2d and 3d ) rayleigh - bnard convection ( rbc ) for large prandtl numbers .  ⁇ n we compute the ten most dominant fourier modes of 2d and 3d rbc , and show that they are very close .  ⁇ n we also compute the spectra and fluxes of energy and entropy for 2d and 3d rbc , and show them to be very similar .  ⁇ n we also show that the viscous and thermal dissipation rates for 2d and 3d rbc behave similarly .  ⁇ n we demonstrate similarities between the nusselt and pclet numbers and temperature fluctuations for 2d and 3d rbc , consistent with the earlier results of schmalzl _ et al .  ⁇ n _ , van der poel _  ⁇ n et al . _  ⁇ n @xcite , and silano _ e
b' we study the relation between spiral - spin and fully - polarized ferromagnetic states in finite - size itinerant systems .  ⁇ n we show that the spiral - spin state is eligible as the ground state when the fully - polarized ferromagnetic state is the ground state .  ⁇ n we check this for one - dimensional hubbard model with infinitely large coulomb interaction taken as a typical example and calculate the energies of the spiral - spin and fully - polarized ferromagnetic states as a function of the inverse system size with the density matrix renormalization group method .  ⁇ n we also discuss whether the symmetry of the spiral - spin state is broken in the thermodynamic limit .  ⁇ n we show that ( i ) although the state does not break the global su(2 ) symmetry in the finite system , it does so in the thermodynamic limit by making a linear combination of other states that are degenerate in that limit , it does so in the thermodynamic limit by making a linear combination of other
b' i review the status of the quantum computer , and discuss the physics of the quantum computer .  ⁇ n i discuss the physics of the quantum computer , and the physics of the quantum computer .  ⁇ n i also discuss the prospects for the implementation of quantum computers . '"ckley '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '
b' we study the relationship between evolutionary algorithms and image transitions .  ⁇ n we use well - known random processes for the evolutionary process and show how different processes have an influence on the evolutionary process .  ⁇ n furthermore , we show how variants of random walks can be used to give new properties of the evolutionary process .  ⁇ n we also study the effect of running random walks for short periods of time as part of a mutation operator in a ( 1 + 1 ) evolutionary algorithm .  ⁇ n furthermore , we consider the effect of alternating different mutation operators over time .  ⁇ n our results show that the area of evolutionary image transition based on different well studied random processes provides a rich source of artistic possibilities with strong potential for further exploration . '
b' we investigate the adsorption of a single , terminally anchored , two - state polymer using monte carlo simulation supplemented by simple theory .  ⁇ n we show that the adsorption of such a polymer exhibits a second - order adsorption transition , with a cross - over exponent @xmath0 , that is identical to the cross - over exponent @xmath1 characterizing the second - order adsorption transition of homopolymers and of quenched copolymers .  ⁇ n we also show that the adsorption of a non - cooperative two - state polymer , modeled as homopolymers with @xmath0 specifying the monomer - surface interaction , is consistent with the simulation results .  ⁇ n in particular , it allows to collapse the simulation data concerning the number of adsorbed monomers @xmath3 onto universal curves and to reproduce the simulation results concerning the total @xmath4 fraction as well as the @x
b' we investigate the spin-1/2 ising - heisenberg model on triangulated kagom lattices , which exhibits a remarkable diversity in a low - temperature magnetic behavior .  ⁇ n we show that the spin-1/2 ising - heisenberg model on triangulated kagom lattices exhibits a reentrant phase transition from a disordered state emerging at lower temperatures to a spontaneously ordered state emerging at higher temperatures .  ⁇ n we also show that the spin-1/2 ising - heisenberg model on triangulated kagom lattices exhibits a reentrant phase transition , which is characterized by a reentrant phase transition .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the impact of the differential @xmath0-jet production at the tevatron on the parton distribution functions ( pdfs ) .  ⁇ n we find that the inclusion of the intrinsic charm ( ic ) component in the proton can improve the fit of the emc data , and the ic contribution can improve the results at large photon transverse momentum .  ⁇ n we also show that the inclusion of the ic contribution can improve the results at large photon transverse momentum .  ⁇ n pacs numbers : 12.38.bx , 12.38.bx , 12.38.bx '
b' we study the robustness of quantum coherence in a state dependent quantum cloning machine .  ⁇ n we show that the robustness of coherence is a full monotone in the context of quantum information theory and quantum resource theories .  ⁇ n we also show that the robustness of coherence is a full monotone in the context of quantum resource theories .  ⁇ n we also show that the robustness of coherence is a full monotone in the context of quantum information theory . '
b' we present a microscopic model for the plasma - induced quasi - stationary wall charge , that is , the surplus charge on top of the charge distribution of the bare surface , which is trapped by and in thermal equilibrium with the wall .  ⁇ n the potential across the plasma - wall interface is calculated .  ⁇ n the potential and charge distribution across the interface is calculated .  ⁇ 
b' we present a theoretical study of the magnetic properties of cu - v alloys .  ⁇ n the alloys are prepared by co - evaporation of both v and cu over a cu substrate and capped with a few monolayers of cu .  ⁇ 
b' we study the evolution of the forward elastic amplitude for the scattering of two hadrons at a given impact parameter .  ⁇ n we show that the evolution of the amplitude is governed by a non - linear evolution equation that is derived from a mean - field approximation that neglects fluctuations in the target .  ⁇ 
b' we consider the zero - point energy of a massive scalar field inside a ball with dirichlet or robin boundary conditions .  ⁇ n the zeta function of the operator associated with the field equation is obtained analytically and then applied to find an arbitrary number of heat - kernel coefficients .  ⁇ n the results are compared with those obtained in the literature .  ⁇ n we find that the zero - point energy is a function of the radius of the bag and of the pion field strength .  ⁇ n the corresponding energy is found to be independent of the bag radius .  ⁇ n the corresponding energy is found to be independent of the bag radius .  ⁇ n the corresponding energy is found to be independent of the bag radius .  ⁇ n the corresponding energy is found to be independent of the bag radius .  ⁇ n the corresponding energy is found to be independent of the bag radius .  ⁇ n the corresponding energy is found to be independent of the bag radius .  ⁇ n the corresponding energy is found to be independent of the bag radius .  ⁇ 
b' we study the pseudogap in the density of states of the fermionic subsystem in the presence of a pseudogap in the density of states .  ⁇ n we show that the pseudogap is a consequence of phase fluctuations of the order parameter above @xmath0 .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the rest - frame optical emission lines of [ oiii ] and h@xmath0 in a sample of lyman-@xmath0 galaxies at redshifts @xmath1 .  ⁇ n we use the rest - frame optical line widths to estimate dynamical masses , and compare these with stellar masses from population synthesis modelling .  ⁇ n we find that lyman-@xmath0 galaxies lie on the same sequence as starburst galaxies .  ⁇ n we also find that lyman-@xmath0 galaxies lie on the same sequence as starburst galaxies .  ⁇ n we also find that lyman-@xmath0 galaxies lie on the same sequence as starburst galaxies .  ⁇ n we also find that lyman-@xmath0 galaxies lie on the same sequence as starburst galaxies .  ⁇ n we also find that lyman-@xmat
b' we calculate the neutrino - nucleon cross section at next - to - leading order in the non - linear evolution of the parton distribution .  ⁇ n we show that the resulting parametrization is a benchmark for the evaluation of sensitivies of ultra high energy cosmic neutrinos .  ⁇ 
b' we present the latest rosat hri observations of the m dwarf vb 10 .  ⁇ n we find that the x - ray emission from vb 10 is dominated by a strong flare , which was not detected by the rosat position sensitive proportional counter ( pspc ) .  ⁇ n we discuss a hypothesis to account for the stark contrast between the flare and non - flare x - ray flux values , including the possibility of a total lack of @xmath0 k coronal plasma about vb 10 .  ⁇ n we also discuss a hypothesis to account for the stark contrast between the flare and non - flare x - ray flux values , including the possibility of a total lack of @xmath1 k coronal plasma about vb 10 . '
b' we introduce a new spike metric , a distance function on the set of spike trains endowing it with the topological properties of a metric space .  ⁇ n the value of the metric between two spike trains is the @xmath0 norm of the difference between their estimated rate functions .  ⁇ 
b' we show that the use of the laurent series solutions of the generalized hnon  ⁇ n heiles system allows to construct a simple and efficient method to construct the laurent series solutions of the generalized hnon  ⁇ n heiles system .  ⁇ 
b' we study the structure of the interconnected banking system in five emerging countries : argentina , brazil , mexico , south africa , and taiwan .  ⁇ n we construct simulated banking functional networks from the leverage dependence across financial institutions , and analyze the structure of this network .  ⁇ n we find configurations that tend to group into large clusters at relatively low correlation levels .  ⁇ n a modular structure characterized by one large bank community , some small ones and isolated banks is also found in all countries .  ⁇ n in addition , we propose and simulate a model of corporate and interbank loans that generates rich and diverse balance sheet growth .  ⁇ n we find that when we construct simulated banking functional networks according to their leverage dependence , we find results that are consistent with the empirical networks .  ⁇ n we also propose and simulate a model of corporate and interbank loans that generates rich and diverse balance sheet growth .  ⁇ n we also find that when we construct simulated banking functional networks , we find results that are consistent with the empirical networks .  ⁇ n we also find
b' we report the observation of the rotational doppler effect ( rde ) in a rotating rotor .  ⁇ n the rde is a frequency shift caused by the rotation of the electric ( magnetic ) field due to the wave .  ⁇ n the rde is a frequency shift due to the relativistic time dilation for a receiver moving tangentially with respect to the source of the radiation .  ⁇ 
b' i discuss the cosmological constant problem , and the cosmological coincidence problem .  ⁇ n i argue that the cosmological constant is a dynamical quantity , varying with time .  ⁇ n i also discuss the cosmological constant problem , and the cosmological constant problem . '
b' we study the magnetic and electric dipole moments in the randall - sundrum model .  ⁇ 
b' we present an analytically solvable nonlinear @xmath0-symmetric eigenvalue problem that describes stationary states of a bose - einstein condensate in a @xmath0-symmetric two - mode potential .  ⁇ n this is the mean - field limit of a @xmath0-symmetric two - mode many - boson system .  ⁇ n we give expressions for the corresponding nonlinear eigenvalues , and analyse the breakdown of @xmath0-symmetry in this nonlinear model .  ⁇ n we also show that there is a direct relation between the stationary states of the nonlinear system and the linear system . '
b' a scheme is presented to reduce the calculation of the wave functions in quasi - one - dimensional wave guides with discontinuities .  ⁇ 
b' we present a multirate scheme for the numerical solution of a system of ordinary differential equations ( odes ) arising from step models .  ⁇ n our method is fourth order in time for sufficiently smooth solutions and is most effective when applied to the types of odes that commonly arise in models of nanostructure evolution .  ⁇ n we demonstrate our method by using a fourth order runge - kutta method with error control and coupling them together with cubic interpolants .  ⁇ n we show that our method is more effective when applied to the types of odes that commonly arise in models of nanostructure evolution . '
b' focal adhesions are strong signaling centers of cells .  ⁇ n they are a crucial element of many physiological situations , including development , tissue maintenance , wound healing , angiogenesis , and cell migration .  ⁇ n however , the details of mechanotransductory processes at focal adhesions are still elusive . in this contribution  ⁇ 
b' we present a numerical investigation of the tidal instability of accretion discs in close binary systems .  ⁇ n simulations are performed for a range of binary mass ratios , disc temperatures , and shear viscosities .  ⁇ n we show that tidal instability can not only explain the superhump phenomenon seen in some short period cataclysmic variables , but also provide a long - term increase in energy dissipation in the disc that is consistent with the excess luminosity of su uma superoutbursts .  ⁇ n we demonstrate that tidal instability can not only explain the superhump phenomenon seen in some short period cataclysmic variables , but also provide a long - term increase in energy dissipation that is consistent with the excess luminosity of su uma superoutbursts .  ⁇ n simulations provide considerable support for the thermal - tidal instability model for superoutburst proposed by osaki ( 1989 ) . '
b' we propose a method to calculate the photon statistics of a driven quantum system .  ⁇ n this method is based on the schrdinger picture , which is a generalization of the schrdinger equation .  ⁇ n it is applicable in the regime of small pumping rates .  ⁇ n we show theoretically how time delayed feedback can be used to control classical and non classical properties of a quantum system .  ⁇ n this will be instantiated with a system consisting of two emitters described as two level systems inside a cavity , exchanging quantum excitations only via the cavity mode .  ⁇ n this will be instantiated with a system consisting of two emitters described as two level systems inside a cavity , exchanging quantum excitations only via the cavity mode .  ⁇ n we show theoretically how time delayed feedback can be used to amplify bunching and antibunching , as well as to increase the amount of entanglement between the two level systems .  ⁇ n this will be instantiated with a system consisting of two emitters described as two
b' we present the first detection of carbon monoxide ( co ) in the debris of the 30 myr - old a0 star hd 32297 .  ⁇ 
b' we construct a lorentz invariant version of the collapse model of ghirardi , rimini and weber .  ⁇ 
b' we revisit the galactic - center explosion hypothesis , in which the north polar spur ( nps ) and its western and southern counter - spurs are interpreted as due to a dumbbell - shaped shock front induced by a giant explosive event at the galactic center .  ⁇ n we discuss the origin of the nps and related galactic spurs using the 408-mhz all - sky radio data and the rosat x - ray images .  ⁇ n we simulate x - ray all - sky views based on the bhs ( bipolar hyper - shell ) model in order to morphologically reproduce the rosat all - sky views at various energy bands .  ⁇ n we also discuss the implication of the bipolar hyper - shell in dating and measuring the recent galactic starburst .  ⁇ n we further propose to use the rosat all - sky data to probe the physics of gas in the galactic halo and intergalactic space of the local group .  ⁇ n we also discuss
b' we consider a scenario of chaotic inflation in which the total amount of inflation is not much more than 60 e - foldings .  ⁇ n the onset of inflation is therefore observable and violates the slow - roll assumptions .  ⁇ n the resulting primordial power spectrum is not scale invariant , as the moment of the onset of the slow - roll regime distinguishes a scale .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a study of the main - sequence turn - off region of the lmc globular cluster ngc 1978 .  ⁇ 
b' the dartmouth stellar evolution program ( dsep ) is a set of stellar evolution models that includes tracks with masses between 0.1 and 1.8 @xmath0  ⁇   ⁇  > $ ] 0 , isochrones with ages ranging from 2 to 15 gyr , [ fe / h ] from 2.5 to 0 with a variety of options in @xmath1 ⁇ $ ] and initial he content ( y@xmath5 ) .  ⁇ n the dsep includes tracks with masses between 0.1 and 1.8 @xmath2 , isochrones with ages as low as 250 myr for all compositions , and higher mass tracks and isochrones with ages as low as 250 myr for all compositions .  ⁇ n the isochrones are compared to those of comparable isochrone libraries and photometry of galactic open clusters and one globular cluster .  ⁇ n the isochrones are compared to those of comparable isochrone libraries and photometry of galactic open
b' we present the simultaneous broad - band pulse profiles and spectral characteristics of the pulsar igr j16393 - 4643 obtained from a _ suzaku _ observation .  ⁇ n the pulse profiles are characterized by a power - law with an exponential cut - off along with fe fluorescence lines .  ⁇ n the spectral characteristics of the pulsar are characterised by a highly absorbed power - law with an exponential cut - off along with fe fluorescence lines .  ⁇ n the spectral characteristics of the pulsar are also characterised by a highly absorbed power - law with an exponential cut - off along with fe fluorescence lines .  ⁇ n the spectral characteristics of the pulsar are also characterised by a highly absorbed power - law with an exponential cut - off along with fe fluorescence lines .  ⁇ n the spectral characteristics of the pulsar are also characterised by a highly absorbed power - law with an exponential
b' we study the permeability of a single self - affine two - dimensional fracture .  ⁇ n we derive analytic expressions for the permeability in two limiting cases , where the roughness associated with the fracture surface is either small or large compared to the mean aperture .  ⁇ n the results are tested numerically , and are found to be in good agreement with the lattice boltzmann method .  ⁇ n we also discuss the effect of lateral shifts on the permeability . '
b' we investigate the incidence of satellite alignments in the @
b' we present a study of the metal absorption lines in damped ly@xmath0 systems ( dlas ) .  ⁇ n we find that the metal absorption lines of low - ionization species ( e.g. , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
b' we performed differential proper - motion measurements of the concentric arcs of the ( , ) using the archived imaging - polarimetry data from wfpc2 and acs / wfc .  ⁇ n we found that the bipolar lobes expanded linearly ( i.e. , the expansion velocity linearly proportional to the distance to the expansion center ) , and that the distance to the was @
b' we study the form factors appearing in the inclusive decay @xmath0 , in the framework of the noncommutative standard model ( ncsm ) .  ⁇ n the noncommutative effects are at least at the order of @xmath1 where @xmath2 is the noncommutative scale @xmath3 ( @xmath4 ) are the four momenta of incoming ( outgoing ) @xmath5 quark ( virtual gluon ) .  ⁇ n the noncommutative effects are at least at the order of @xmath2 where @xmath3 ( @xmath4 ) are the four momenta of incoming ( outgoing ) @xmath5 quark ( virtual gluon ) .  ⁇ n the noncommutative effects are at the order of @xmath2 where @xmath3 ( @xmath4 ) are the four momenta of incoming ( outgoing ) @xmath5 quark ( virtual gluon ) .  ⁇ n the noncommutative effects are at
b' the growth of a black hole in a galaxy bulge is a major process in which the energy and momentum from accretion are coupled with the gas in the host galaxy .  ⁇ 
b' we show that in theories where the standard model neutrinos acquire their masses at or close to the weak scale through the seesaw mechanism , the requirement that any pre - existing baryon asymmetry is not almost entirely washed out can be used to correlate the pattern of standard model neutrino masses to the spectrum of new particles at the weak scale .  ⁇ n then , unless the baryon asymmetry is generated at or below the weak scale , or the pre - existing baryon asymmetry is extremely large , this leads to definite predictions at the lhc for each of the three classes of seesaw models .  ⁇ n if the pattern of neutrino masses is inverted ( quasi - degenerate ) , at least one of the right - handed neutrinos must be lighter than 1 tev ( 300 gev ) .  ⁇ n if the pattern of neutrino masses is inverted ( quasi - degenerate ) , at least one of the right - handed neutrinos must be lighter than 1 tev ( 300 gev
b' we present a new method for the calculation of the schroedinger equation for nuclei .  ⁇ n the method is based on the expansion of the nuclear wave function as a sum of a large number ( as many as the number of excitations ) of a reference slater determinant .  ⁇ n the method is based on the schroedinger equation , and is based on the schroedinger equation for the schroedinger equation .  ⁇ n the method is based on the schroedinger equation , and is based on the schroedinger equation .  ⁇ n the method is applied to the argonne v18 nucleus , cd - bonn 2000 and the cd - bonn 2000 nucleus .  ⁇ 
b' we study the nonlinear dynamics of a two - level atom - micro - maser conditioned on state selective quantum measurements .  ⁇ n we show that the state changes of the remaining two - level atoms are described by an iterated nonlinear quantum map .  ⁇ n it is demonstrated that this nonlinear quantum map exhibits measurement - induced chaos and the resulting julia sets can be connected or disconnected .  ⁇ n furthermore , it is demonstrated that this nonlinear quantum map can implement a schrdinger microscope capable of amplifying the distinguishability of non - orthogonal quantum states . '
b' we investigate the non - hermitian discrete system without @xmath0 symmetry .  ⁇ n we show that the wave function within the lead becomes a unidirectional plane wave at the exceptional point .  ⁇ n this universal dynamical behavior is demonstrated as the self - sustained emission and reflectionless absorption of wave packets by two typical non - hermitian clusters containing the complex on - site potential and non - hermitian hopping amplitude .  ⁇ n the numerical simulation of the wave packet dynamics shows the phenomena of the persistent emission and reflectionless absorption . '
b' we present a new method for determining the mass - temperature relation of clusters of galaxies .  ⁇ n we use a simple model of a cluster s potential well to calculate the mass - temperature relation .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the effect of vortex - pair fluctuations on magnetic - flux noise in the highly anisotropic compound bi@xmath0sr@xmath0cacu@xmath0o@xmath1 in a vanishing external magnetic field .  ⁇ n we assume that the superconducting layers are coupled only weakly so that the dynamics of the vortices in one layer is independent of that in the other layer .  ⁇ 
b' we study the possibility of lorentz invariance violation ( liv ) in the framework of the standard - model extension ( sme ) .  ⁇ n we consider the case of a sme with lorentz invariance violation ( liv ) and we consider the case of a sme with lorentz invariance violation ( liv ) .  ⁇ n we find that , if liv is allowed , the sme can be realized .  ⁇ n we also find that , if liv is allowed , the sme can be realized .  ⁇ n we also find that , if liv is allowed , the sme can be realized .  ⁇ n we also find that , if liv is allowed , the sme can be realized .  ⁇ n we also find that , if liv is allowed , the sme can be realized .  ⁇ n we also find that , if liv is allowed , the sme can be realized .  ⁇ n we also find
b' we present a comparison among the fundamental manifold ( fm ) of distance estimators based on a sample of ned 1-d distances and photometry and kinematics compiled within the hyperleda database .  ⁇ n the fm is applicable to _ all _ galaxies , regardless of luminosity or morphological class .  ⁇ 
b' we study the impact of the enhancement of @xmath0 elements on the properties of metal - rich stellar populations .  ⁇ n we use a set of self - consistent opacities for @xmath1-enhanced mixtures , with total metal contents @x
b' we present the results of a 3.624@xmath1 m survey of the complete 3cr sample of radio galaxies and quasars at @
b' we consider a generalized chaplygin gas as a source of dark matter and dark energy .  ⁇ n we find a phantom - like equation of state for dark energy that crosses the phantom divide in recent epoch .  ⁇ n it is also shown that the normalized dark energy density is in the past in agreement with the @xmath0cdm model , but in the future they enter in a phase of mutual equilibrium , where their final values are practically the same as today .  ⁇ n this indicates a scaling solution , similar to that obtained in the literature , where it was assumed a stationary dark energy .  ⁇ n also , we find a coupling that is compatible with the @xmath0cdm model . '
b' we study the yukawa couplings of the higgs boson in the 6d orbifold grand unified model .  ⁇ n we find that the yukawa couplings of the higgs boson are not too large , and that the yukawa couplings of the higgs boson are too small .  ⁇ 
b' we study the kardar - parisi - zhang ( kpz ) universality class in the ballistic deposition model .  ⁇ 
b' we study the interaction of a relativistic projectile particle with an electron plasma .  ⁇ n we consider a general configuration in which the projectile particle is interacting with a relativistic electron beam .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the photometric and spectroscopic properties of the blue compact dwarf ( bcd ) galaxy sbs 0335 - 052 .  ⁇ n we have used the nir spectrograph on the keck i telescope to obtain a spectral energy distribution ( sed ) for this galaxy .  ⁇ 
b' we calculate the semileptonic weak transitions of heavy baryons containing single heavy quark to light baryons induced by flavor changing neutral currents ( fcnc ) in the standard model ( sm ) .  ⁇ n the latter is described via a low energy effective hamiltonian containing wilson coefficients .  ⁇ n the latter is described via a low energy effective hamiltonian containing wilson coefficients .  ⁇ n the latter is described via a low energy effective hamiltonian containing wilson coefficients .  ⁇ n the latter is described via a low energy effective hamiltonian containing wilson coefficients .  ⁇ n the latter is described via a low energy effective hamiltonian containing wilson coefficients .  ⁇ n the latter is modified due to additional interactions of the fourth family quark @xmath0 with other particles .  ⁇ n we calculate various related parameters like branching ratio , forward - backward asymmetry , baryon polar
b' we investigate the bipartite network of credit relationships established between banks and firms traded at the stock exchanges and over - the - counter markets of japan .  ⁇ n specifically , we aim to detect and characterize communities of banks and firms that were present in the japanese credit market during the past years of the period of time from 1980 to 2011 .  ⁇ n specifically , we aim to detect and characterize communities of banks and firms that were present in the japanese credit market during the past years of the period of time from 1980 to 2011 .  ⁇ n specifically , we aim to detect and characterize communities of banks and firms that were present in the japanese credit market during the past years of the period of time from 1980 to 2011 .  ⁇ n we propose a method which is able to track the time evolution of specific communities of the networks and therefore works both for large and small communities .  ⁇ n finally , we characterize the communities obtained for different years in terms of the over - expression of attributes of banks and firms concerning ( i ) the regional location of firms , ( ii
b' we study adiabatic pumping through interacting quantum dots for temperatures much above the kondo temperature but much below the level spacing in the dot .  ⁇ n we extend a diagrammatic real - time technique that has been developed to describe non - equilibrium dc transport through an interacting quantum dot .  ⁇ n we calculate the leading- and next - to - leading - order contributions to the pumped charge per pumping cycle .  ⁇ n we distinguish two cases : ( i ) the kondo regime and ( ii ) the coulomb blockade regime .  ⁇ n we show that the pumped charge is a function of the size of the pumping cycle and the shape of the pumping cycle .  ⁇ n we also show that the pumped charge is a function of the size of the pumping cycle .  ⁇ n we also discuss the effect of coulomb blockade on the pumped charge . '
b' we present a study of the dynamical history of the cartwheel galaxy , a collisional ring galaxy .  ⁇ n the cartwheel is a ring - like galaxy with a bright outer ring and an inner ring which is connected to the outer one with a series of spokes .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new method of measuring the kinetic power of agn jets , based on the properties of hotspots .  ⁇ n we use a sample of agn , drawn from the sloan digital sky survey , to determine the kinetic power of agn jets .  ⁇ 
b' we present a systematic study of the electronic structure of diluted magnetic iii - v semiconductors .  ⁇ n the hamiltonian of the local spin - density approximation is derived from the korringa - kohn - rostoker model .  ⁇ n the resulting hamiltonian is compared with the corresponding kinetic - exchange model .  ⁇ 
b' we study the properties of a class of flexible , semiflexible , and stiff polymers , i.e. , polymers with a large number of monomers .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new approach to modeling the effects of unresolved small scales in turbulence .  ⁇ n the approach is based on the leray@xmath0 model , which is a three - point invertible approximation of the navier - stokes equations .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed study of the radial transport of h@xmath0o , co@xmath0 and co in protoplanetary discs .  ⁇ n we use a spherical mhd code to simulate the turbulence in the discs .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the effects of berry corrections on bloch oscillations in one - dimensional time - dependent parity - breaking potentials .  ⁇ n we show that the effect of berry corrections is significant for the static case , and that the bloch oscillations are dramatically modified in the presence of time - modulations .  ⁇ n we also characterize how the anomalous effects depend on the degree of parity breaking of the potential and on modulation parameters .  ⁇ n finally , we discuss how the effects of the anomalous velocity can be measured from time - of - flight measurements in current experiments with non - interacting bose - einstein condensates in optical lattices , in the presence of gravity . '
b' we present a timing measurement of the 143-ms pulsar j0538 + 2817 in the supernova remnant s147 .  ⁇ n the pulsar s spin period is found to be @xmath0 ms .  ⁇ 
b' we present mid - ir spectra and images of the central region of the prototypical seyfert 2 galaxy ngc 1068 obtained with the isocam camera on board the infrared space observatory .  ⁇ n the emission between 5 and 16@xmath0 m is clearly dominated by the active galactic nucleus .  ⁇ n however , faint extended starburst emission is observed along the northeast - southwest axis .  ⁇ 
b' we present a semiclassical approach to the description of quantum electromechanical systems ( nems ) .  ⁇ n the approach is based on a systematic expansion around the classical path in order to obtain a langevin equation for the oscillator .  ⁇ n the coupling to the non equilibrium electronic environment gives rise to non trivial effects such as effective oscillator potentials and non linear friction coefficients leading to both positive and negative damping .  ⁇ n we compare two non interacting electronic  ⁇  quantum dot ' models with one and two levels between source and drain reservoirs : a single dot and two dots in series .  ⁇ n the oscillator couples linearly to the dot occupation ( single dot ) or to the occupation difference ( double dot ) .  ⁇ n one particular feature of the double dot case ( where quantum superpositions of the electrons become important ) is the occurence of limit cycles in phase space caused by a negative damping .  ⁇ n the paper is based on a semiclassical expansion around the classical path , together with an adiabatic app
b' we present a detailed study of the elastic properties of a glass - former with a _ finite _ ( mean ) temperature @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we consider a system of particles with a _ finite _ volume @xmath1 and a _ finite _ ( mean ) temperature @
b' we prove an analogous theorem on the magnetic field and current distribution in ideal conductors .  ⁇ n we find that a stationary current density must distribute itself on the surface of the conductors in such a way that the interior magnetic field is zero while the surface magnetic field is perpendicular to both the current density and the surface normal .  ⁇ n the theorem applies to type i superconductors , but it is not stated , hardly even hinted at , in the literature .  ⁇ n we also discuss previous work on the problem .  ⁇ n an illuminating example is presented in which the energy reduction due to the interior field expulsion can be calculated explicitly .  ⁇ n an appendix gives further motivation and explicit solutions illustrating the theorem for simple systems . '
b' we present the observational evidence for black holes in active galactic nuclei ( agn ) .  ⁇ n we discuss the effects of the orientation of the accretion disk surrounding the black hole on the appearance of the nucleus , and the effect of the inclination of the disk on the appearance of the nucleus .  ⁇ n we discuss the jet - dominated agn known as blazars , and we review the radiation processes proposed to explain the emission in these bands .  ⁇ n we also discuss the possibility that the x ray and @xmath0ray bands are the closest to the black hole , and we discuss the implications of these results for the physics of agn . '
b' we present the results of a blind hi survey of the abell 1367 cluster of galaxies carried out with the alfa multi - beam system .  ⁇ n the survey aims to study the atomic hydrogen properties of different galactic environments to faint sensitivity limits ; low hi masses ( 6@xmath0 ) and column densities of @xmath1 3@xmath5 ( for a source that fills the beam ) .  ⁇ 
b' we present a numerical study of the optimal reweighted methods for the derivation of finite - dimensional approximations to the feynman - ka formula .  ⁇ n the numerical implementation of the lvy - ciesielski and the wiener - fourier series is thoroughly analyzed .  ⁇ n the convergence of the reweighted methods is shown to be @xmath0 .  ⁇ 
b' we propose to use a one - way coupled chaotic map system to construct a cryptosystem with optimal overall properties .  ⁇ n the crucial merits of this system are : on one hand we use spatiotemporal chaos to fully apply and develop the advantages of chaotic cryptography , and on the other hand we incorporate some simple algebraic operations in the conventional cryptography to overcome the disadvantages of analytical chaotic computations .  ⁇ n we design an experiment set with embedded cpus and use this set to practice duplex voice secure communications in realistic wired public switched telephone network , by applying our chaotic cryptosystem and the system of the advanced encryption standard ( aes ) , respectively , for comparisons .  ⁇ n experimental and numerical results show that our system is considerably better than aes with both security and performance speed .  ⁇ n most significantly , our system can work stably against strong channel noise when aes fails to work . '
b' we investigate gauged q - balls in the affleck - dine mechanism .  ⁇ n we assume a u(1 ) scalar field with a v - shaped potential , [ vv ] v_v():== with m ⁇ 2 , m ⁇ 2>0 .  ⁇ n we find that there is a maximum charge and size of gauged q - balls .  ⁇ 
b' we present a three - dimensional model of the magnetogeostrophic equation proposed by moffatt and loper .  ⁇ 
b' the premetric nature of newton s gravitational attraction law is phenomenologically not as well grounded as that of the maxwell equations .  ⁇ n this qualitative difference is also reflected in the universal constants of physics .  ⁇ n we discuss the kottler s two papers on the premetric program in physics and show that the premetric nature of newton s gravitational attraction law is phenomenologically not as well grounded as that of the maxwell equations .  ⁇ n we also show that the premetric nature of the gravitational attraction law is phenomenologically not as well grounded as that of the maxwell equations .  ⁇ n this qualitative difference between premetric and metric quantities is also reflected in the universal constants of physics . '
b' the fan observatory bench optical spectrograph ( fobos ) is a bench - mounted , f/13.5 astrometric reflector with a 15.0 mm@xmath0 plate scale originally designed to continue the university s long - running astrometry program with the leander mccormick observatory .  ⁇ n the 40 inch telescope is a prototype of a fiber - fed bench - mounted spectrograph , with a 15.0 mm@xmath1 plate scale .  ⁇ n the fobos spectrograph was designed to provide moderate resolution radial velocity measurements of bright stars distributed over the sky .  ⁇ n the fobos spectrograph was designed to be a prototype of a bench - mounted spectrograph , and has been used to study the grid giant star survey ( ggss ) for nasa s _ space interferometry mission _ .  ⁇ n fobos has been commissioned in september 2003 .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed analysis of the x - ray spectra of the cluster of galaxies awm7 .  ⁇ 
b' the two - variable integro - differential equation formalism ( idea ) in configuration space , valid for three- and many - body systems , is employed to investigate the properties of nuclear matter .  ⁇ 
b' we show that the energy of a charged particle can increase as a power law in time in a simple helical magnetic field , whose components are slowly varying sinusoidal functions of both space and time .  ⁇ 
b' we have studied the dependence of the electron effective mass on the width of cdte quantum wells ( qws ) .  ⁇ n the odr technique is used to measure the electron effective mass in cdte / cd@xmath0mn@xmath1te heterostructures .  ⁇ n the odr technique is very sensitive to the width of the qws and allows to measure the effective masses of electrons and holes in cdte - based qws of different widths .  ⁇ n the odr technique is very well suited for measuring the effective masses of electrons and holes in undoped cdte - based qws . '
b' we study the gravitational wave signatures of boson stars in the newtonian regime .  ⁇ n we perform a linear expansion about the spacetime of a spherically symmetric boson star configuration .  ⁇ n we find that the quasinormal mode frequencies of the boson star are a function of the spherical harmonic number @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we find that the quasinormal mode frequencies of the boson star are a function of @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we also find that the quasinormal mode frequencies of the boson star are a function of @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we find that the quasinormal mode frequencies of the boson star are a function of @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we also find that the quasinormal mode frequencies of the boson star are a function of @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we also find that the quasinormal mode frequencies of the boson star are a function of @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we also find that the quasinormal mode frequencies of the boson star are a function of
b' we present a detailed analysis of the x - ray emission from the high mass x - ray binary wray 977 .  ⁇ 
b' we study the effect of thermal fluctuations on the mechanical properties of graphene sheets .  ⁇ n we show that the nonlinear coupling of height fluctuations to in - plane phonon deformations leads to a length - scale dependent stiffening of the microscopic bending rigidity at long length scales .  ⁇ n the effect is a consequence of the mermin - wagner - hohenberg theorem .  ⁇ 
b' we present a composite broad - band optical / uv / x@
b' we study the evolution of a non force - free , axisymmetric , conductive fluid in equilibrium with a non - zero lorentz force .  ⁇ n we show that the field evolves through a series of stable axisymmetric equilibria , whose topology is characterized by a poloidal and a toroidal component .  ⁇ 
b' we study high - frequency ( @xmath0 khz ) pressure oscillations ( p - modes ) localized in neutron star envelopes ( crusts ) .  ⁇ n we show that the equation of state ( eos ) of stelar matter undergoes considerable softening due to neutronization and becomes more complicated ( essentially different for ground - state and accreted matter ) .  ⁇ n we show that the neutron drip affects strongly the oscillation spectrum .  ⁇ n if detected , this spectrum would give valuable information on the eos in neutron star envelopes and also on global parameters of neutron stars ( their masses and radii ) .  ⁇ n if detected , this spectrum would give valuable information on the eos in neutron star envelopes and also on global parameters of neutron stars ( their masses and radii ) .  ⁇ 
b' in this paper , we study the scalar field theory in the framework of @xmath0 modified gravity .  ⁇ n we show that the scalar field theory in @xmath1 modified gravity is conformally equivalent to the scalar field theory in einstein frame .  ⁇ n we also show that the scalar field theory in @xmath2 modified gravity is conformally equivalent to the scalar field theory in @xmath3 gravity .  ⁇ n we also show that the scalar field theory in @xmath3 gravity is conformally equivalent to the scalar field theory in einstein frame .  ⁇ n we also show that the scalar field theory in @xmath4 modified gravity is conformally equivalent to the scalar field theory in @xmath3 gravity .  ⁇ n we also show that the scalar field theory in @xmath3 modified gravity is conformally equivalent to the scalar field theory in einstein frame .  ⁇ n we also show that the scalar field theory in @xmath3
b' we study the chiral symmetry breaking in the linear sigma model .  ⁇ n the scalar ( @xmath0 ) and pseudoscalar ( @xmath1 ) degrees of freedom are present .  ⁇ n the scalar states @xmath2 and @xmath3 are chiral partners of the scalar states .  ⁇ n the scalar states @xmath4 and @xmath5 are chiral partners of the pseudoscalar states @xmath6 and @xmath7 .  ⁇ n the scalar states @xmath8 and @xmath9 are chiral partners of the pseudoscalar states @xmath10 and @xmath11 .  ⁇ n the scalar states @xmath12 and @xmath13 are chiral partners of the pseudoscalar states @xmath13 and @xmath14 .  ⁇ n the scalar states @xmath15 and @xmath16 are chiral partners of the pseudo
b' we study the ground state energy , the low - energy excitations , the specific heat and other thermodynamic functions of a one - dimensional quantum ising model with single - ion anisotropy .  ⁇ n the hole decomposition scheme is used to divide the total hilbert space of the model into a number of subspaces labeled by the number of holes .  ⁇ n this decomposition scheme is applied to the uniform chain .  ⁇ n the ground state energy , the low - energy excitations , the specific heat and other thermodynamic functions are calculated .  ⁇ n it is shown that the ground state of the model is equivalent to the @xmath0 transverse ising model .  ⁇ n the specific heat and the specific heat are also evaluated . '
b' we present a new method for computing long - range forces in infinitely periodic systems .  ⁇ n the method is based on a convergence - factor technique .  ⁇ 
b' in this paper we consider the optimal stopping problems in an uncertain environment .  ⁇ n we consider a class of conditional convex risk measures @xmath0 , @xmath1 , @xmath2 , @xmath3 , @xmath4 , @xmath5 , @xmath6 , @xmath7 , @xmath8 , @xmath9 , @xmath10 , @xmath11 , @xmath12 , @xmath13 , @xmath14 , @xmath15 , @xmath16 , @xmath17 , @xmath18 , @xmath19 , @xmath19 , @xmath19 , @xmath19 , @xmath19 , @xmath19 , @xmath19 , @xmath19 , @xmath19 , @xmath19 , @xmath19 , @xmath19 , @xmat
b' we study the phenomenology of tree level gauge mediation , a mechanism in which supersymmetry is communicated to the standard model ( sm ) by the exchange of heavy vector superfields .  ⁇ n we show that the sfermion effective lagrangian operator arises from the renormalizable , tree level exchange of heavy vector superfields .  ⁇ n we show that the sfermion effective lagrangian is a function of the sm fermion mass , @xmath0 , and the sm fermion mass .  ⁇ n we also show that the sm fermion effective lagrangian is a function of the sm fermion mass , @xmath1 , and the sm fermion mass .  ⁇ n we also show that the sm fermion effective lagrangian is a function of the sm fermion mass .  ⁇ n we also show that the sm fermion effective lagrangian is a function of the sm fermion
b' we present a graphical representation of the restricted poincar map on a 4 dimensional domain .  ⁇ n the restriction of the map to any one of the invariant 2 dimensional horizontal leaves of the unperturbed stack is analyzed .  ⁇ 
b' we study the effect of electroweak large logarithm resummation on the unitarity bound of standard model .  ⁇ n we show that the resummed amplitudes are sensitive to the scale at which unitarity is broken .  ⁇ n we also study the effects of derived corrections on the unitarity bound of standard model .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a detailed analysis of the lensing properties of the core of the rich cluster ms 2137 - 2353 .  ⁇ n the cluster core is modeled by a spherical ellipse with a mass of @xmath0 @xmath1 @xmath2 .  ⁇ n the ellipticity of the brightest cluster galaxy g1 is a factor of @xmath3 smaller than the ellipticity of the hst image .  ⁇ n the ellipticity of the brightest cluster galaxy g1 is @xmath4 .  ⁇ n the ellipticity of the g1 is @xmath5 kpc .  ⁇ n the ellipticity of the g1 is @xmath5 kpc .  ⁇ n the ellipticity of the g1 is @xmath5 kpc .  ⁇ n the ellipticity of the g1 is @xmath5 kpc .
b' we study the effect of disorder on the superconductor - insulator transition ( sit ) in two - dimensional ( 2d ) superconductors .  ⁇ n we consider a network of josephson coupled superconducting grains shunted by resistors , and a bose - hubbard model , where the superconducting phase is due to the bose - einstein condensation of charge-2e bosons and the insulating phase due to a proliferation of vortice
b' in this paper , we present a coding theoretic approach for evaluating the accumulate distribution of the minimum - cut capacity of weighted random graphs .  ⁇ n the basis of the analysis is the correspondence between the cut space of an undirected graph and a binary ldgm code with column weight 2 .  ⁇ 
b' we show that the surface gravity of a killing horizon can be defined as the rate of expansion of space in the direction of the killing frame as viewed by freely falling observers crossing the horizon .  ⁇ n this is analogous to cosmological expansion , but it involves only one spatial direction , and no preferred observer is selected .  ⁇ 
b' we study the superradiation ( sr ) of a system of classical , charged anharmonic oscillators .  ⁇ n the system is described by the classical maxwell equations .  ⁇ n the sr theory is based on the phasing mechanism .  ⁇ 
b' this paper proposes a data - efficient approach for predicting the motion of an object when acted upon by a robotic hand .  ⁇ n first , a real robot is used to perform some random pushing action with an object on a tabletop .  ⁇ n both the initial and final configurations of the object and the robot are recorded .  ⁇ n instead of learning the object s motion explicitly , a bayesian optimization technique is used to identify relevant physical parameters , such as mass and friction , through the physics engine simulation .  ⁇ n the learned parameters can then be used to simulate the action in a physics engine .  ⁇ n the results of this simulation can then be used by the robot to predict the effect of its action on the object .  ⁇ n the same bayesian optimization technique is used to search the optimal control policy for the robot hand pushing the object .  ⁇ n the results of the simulation can then be used by the robot to predict the effect of its action on the object .  ⁇ n the results of the simulation can then be used by the robot to predict the effect of its action on the object
b' we present a detailed analysis of the x - ray flash ( xrf ) 030723 , a nearby x - ray burst ( grb ) , observed with the _ rossi x - ray timing explorer _ ( rxte ) .  ⁇ n the xrf is characterized by a strong x - ray fluence ( @xmath0 erg ) , and a strong x - ray fluence ( @
b' we present the first quantum mechanical calculation of screening effect by bound electrons in @xmath0 nuclear fusion from the pp - cycle in the sun .  ⁇ n the screening effect is calculated within the born - oppenheimer approximation .  ⁇ n the screening effect is analyzed in the framework of the adiabatic approximation .  ⁇ n the calculated screening effect is compared with the experimental data .  ⁇ n the calculated screening effect is found to be in good agreement with the experimental data .  ⁇ n the calculated screening effect is in good agreement with the experimental data .  ⁇ n the calculated screening effect is in good agreement with the experimental data .  ⁇ n the calculated screening effect is in good agreement with the experimental data .  ⁇ n the calculated screening effect is in good agreement with the experimental data .  ⁇ n the calculated screening effect is in good agreement with the experimental data .  ⁇ n the calculated screening effect is in good agreement with the experimental data .  ⁇ n the calculated screening effect is in good agreement with the experimental data .  ⁇ n the calculated screening effect is in good agreement with
b' we present a detailed analysis of the kinematics of giant molecular clouds ( gmcs ) and the surrounding interstellar medium ( ism ) .  ⁇ n we find that the kinematic fields of gmcs are _ opposite _ to those of the ism with which they are associated directly from observation .  ⁇ 
b' we present photometric inventories of the mid - infrared point sources in the irac @xmath0 , @xmath1 , @xmath2 , m@xmath3 , ngc@xmath4 , ngc@xmath5 , m@xmath6 , ngc@xmath7 , and ngc@
b' we report on the fabrication of a resonant cavity enhanced photodetector ( rcepd ) based on the narrow gap lead salt semiconductors .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new method for analyzing large - scale structure in the distribution of galaxies .  ⁇ n the method is based on the application of minkowski functionals .  ⁇ 
b' we present far - infrared ( fir ) observations of a sample of elliptical galaxies , selected from the _ infrared space observatory _ ( iso ) data archive .  ⁇ n we find that the fir luminosities of ellipticals are correlated with optical luminosities , with the optical luminosities correlated with the fir luminosities .  ⁇ 
b' we present a general theory of electrostatic interactions between charged macroions and counterions in a system of interacting counterions .  ⁇ n the theory is based on the weak coupling and strong coupling approximations and is able to describe the electrostatic interactions between counterions and macroions in a wide range of parameters .  ⁇ 
b' we discuss the possibility of probing physics at the shortest distance scales .  ⁇ n we assume that we will find and can study superparticles at collider experiments .  ⁇ n we then discuss various possibilities how we may be able to probe physics at such short distance scales using supersymmetry as a probe .  ⁇ n we also discuss the implications of the supersymmetry . '
b' we investigate the phenomenological properties of the extended nambu - jona - lasinio model .  ⁇ 
b' we have studied the thermopower and thermal conductivity of the heavy fermion paramagnet ceru@xmath0si@xmath0 in magnetic fields up to 11.5 t and to temperatures down to 0.1k .  ⁇ n we find multiple sign changes in the field dependent thermopower , as well as a large negative peak at the metamagnetic transition .  ⁇ n there is a sharp kink in the thermopower precisely at the metamagnetic field , similar to that seen in the hall effect .  ⁇ n we conclude that single - particle models with rigid band shifts are alone insufficient to describe the metamagnetic transition . '
b' we study the properties of compact boson stars in the presence of a cosmological constant .  ⁇ n we consider a spherically symmetric configuration with a sextic self - interaction .  ⁇ n the scalar field of the configuration is finite inside a ball of radius @x
b' the bounce characteristics of baseballs have a large influence in baseball games .  ⁇ n therefore , baseball organizations often establish rules concerning official balls .  ⁇ 
b' the knot complement problem asks when a legendrian knot in a given @xmath0-manifold is determined by its complement .  ⁇ n i show that a legendrian knot in the tight contact structure of @xmath1 is determined by the contactomorphism type of its exterior .  ⁇ n this generalizes the result of gordon and luecke .  ⁇ n i also give counterexamples to the legendrian link exterior problem in other manifolds . '
b' we investigate the universal properties of a chain of slack and taut links connecting the reptons in a gel .  ⁇ n the chain is a simple model for reptation , but it is not a simple model for monomers .  ⁇ n we show that the universal properties of the chain are governed by universal exponents .  ⁇ 
b' in this talk , muon lepton flavor violation ( lfv ) processes are reviewed in the first part .  ⁇ n in particular , discussions are given on how we can distinguish different theoretical models .  ⁇ n in the second part , a new calculation on the @xmath0 , @xmath1 , and @xmath2 conversion rate is presented including a higgs boson mediated effect in the susy seesaw model .  ⁇ n this is an example of usefulness of observables discussed in the first part . '
b' distinguishability measures are widely used for quantifying the distinguishability of quantum states .  ⁇ n we show that for ensembles of pure states , the distinguishability measures we choose are the maximum probabilities of correct hypothesis testing and unambiguous state discrimination .  ⁇ n we show that for ensembles of linearly independent states , this effect can not be demonstrated for these distinguishability measures .  ⁇ n we also show that for ensembles of linearly independent states , this effect can not be demonstrated for these distinguishability measures .  ⁇ n we conclude with a discussion of the connection between this effect and a related one recently discovered by jozsa and schlienz . '
b' we study the ground state of the hamiltonian @xmath0 , with nearest - neighbor interactions .  ⁇ 
b' we study the dynamics of vortex filaments in three - dimensional incompressible fluids .  ⁇ 
b' we present a soft wall holographical model that describes hadronic spectra with an arbitrary number of constituents .  ⁇ n the model was recently proposed by s. brodsky and g. f. de tramond .  ⁇ n we discuss the model and its application to hadronic scattering processes , hadronic couplings and chiral symmetry breaking .  ⁇ n we also discuss the model s application to the calculation of hadronic masses . '
b' we show that it is possible to control the nonlinear behavior of a material using the path interference effects .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new method for determining the helium abundance of low - mass stars using the oscillation frequencies of acoustic modes .  ⁇ n the method is based on the fact that the steep variation in the sound speed in the second helium ionization zone introduces an oscillatory component in the oscillation frequencies as a function of the radial order of the modes .  ⁇ n the amplitude of the signal is predominantly a function
b' we present xassist , a software package for x - ray astronomy .  ⁇ n it is capable of analyzing _ rosat _ , _ chandra _ and _ xmm - newton _ data , and reprocessing of existing data .  ⁇ 
b' we present the intermediate - band light curves of five thermonuclear supernovae ( sne ia ) in nearby galaxies ( z@xmath00.01 ) .  ⁇ n the intermediate - band light curves of sn 2002er , sn 2002fk , sn 2003cg , sn 2003du , and 2003kf are presented .  ⁇ n the differences in magnitude decline after maximum are most pronounced in i band ( and possibly in k band ) .  ⁇ n the differences in magnitude decline after maximum could reach @xmath00.5 mag at epoch of 30 days and reach @xmath01.0 mag at 60 days even without including sn 2003cg .  ⁇ n the differences in magnitude decline after maximum could reach @xmath00.5 mag at epoch of 30 days and reach @xmath01.0 mag at 60 days even without including sn 2003cg .  ⁇ n the differences in magnitude decline after maximum could reach @xmath00.5 mag at e
b' a self - consistent hartree - fock equation of state ( eos ) is constructed for hot stellar matter in the whole density and temperature range of interest .  ⁇ n the eos is based on a self - consistent hamiltonian , based on a realistic nucleon - nucleon potential .  ⁇ 
b' we present a method for determining corotation resonance radii and relative bar pattern speeds in barred spiral galaxies .  ⁇ n we use the puerari & dottori method to measure the corotation resonance radii and relative bar pattern speeds of 15 barred spiral galaxies .  ⁇ n we find that the corotation radius of the corotation resonance is @xmath0 kpc , and that the relative bar pattern speed is @xmath1 kpc .  ⁇ n the relative bar pattern speed is @xmath2 kpc , and the corotation radius is @xmath3 kpc .  ⁇ n the relative pattern speed is @xmath4 kpc , and the corotation radius is @xmath5 kpc .  ⁇ n the relative pattern speed is @xmath6 kpc .  ⁇ n the corotation radius of the relative pattern speed is @xmath7 kpc .  ⁇ n the corotation radius of the relative pattern
b' we study the equation of state of ordinary strange quark matter within the framework of the nambu - jona - lasinio model .  ⁇ n we find that the equation of state of strange quark matter is a non - trivial function of the bag constant .  ⁇ 
b' the isospin admixture effects in the ground state of the proton rich nuclei between a@xmath0 and a@xmath1 are investigated .  ⁇ n the isospin mixing is calculated in the framework of the shell model .  ⁇ n the isospin admixture is found to be @xmath2 .  ⁇ n the isospin mixing is found to be @xmath3 .  ⁇ 
b' we study the evolution of superconducting string loops in the presence of a background frw background .  ⁇ n we find that the currents carried by the loops can be a few times larger than the critical current density of the universe .  ⁇ n we also show that the corresponding cosmological bounds on the currents of the loops are @xmath0 , where @xmath1 is the cosmological constant .  ⁇ 
b' we study the synchrotron afterglow emission from gamma - ray bursts ( grbs ) .  ⁇ n we assume that the synchrotron emission from the forward shock is produced by the electrons accelerated in the forward shock .  ⁇ n the electrons in the forward shock are assumed to have a power - law form in energy distribution .  ⁇ 
b' we use qcd sum rules to determine which of the 5 scalar - isoscalar mesons currently listed in the particle data group tables is the lightest @
b' we study the dynamical behavior of negative mass bubbles in kaluza - klein theory .  ⁇ n we find that negative mass bubbles do not lead to a naked singularity .  ⁇ n we also study the case of a positive mass bubble which starts out collapsing .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of the @xmath0-values of the pure qed process @xmath1 .  ⁇ n the cross section for @xmath1 collisions is measured in the energy region from 5 to 10.4 gev .  ⁇ n the structure of the charm threshold region is determined .  ⁇ n the results are compared with the previous measurements .  ⁇ n the structure of the charm threshold region is also discussed . '
b' we consider the problem of estimating the size distribution of aerosol particles using a finite parametric mixture model .  ⁇ n we consider a model in which the components themselves are interpreted as potential substrata of the data .  ⁇ n we consider the case of a mixture model with a finite parametric mixture model , where the information required at each epoch is obtained from neighbouring epochs .  ⁇ 
b' we study the cocycle of a global quotient of @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we show that the cocycle is unique up to normalized discrete torsion .  ⁇ n we also show that the cocycle is unique up to exact forms . '
b' we report the detection of excess power in the power spectrum of the g5 subgiant , a slightly evolved solar - type star .  ⁇ 
b' the accuracy of monte carlo glauber model descriptions of minimum - bias multiplicity frequency distribution data from rhic is re - examined using updated density and multipliciity production model parameters and a sensitive power - law inspired representation introduced by trainor and prindle .  ⁇ n the accuracy of the model is demonstrated by comparing the results with analytic parametrizations .  ⁇ n the centrality analysis method of trainor and prindle is used to estimate the uncertainties in the mapping relationships between initial stage collision geometry quantities and centrality for au - au collisions at @xmath0 = 20 , 62 , 130 and 200 gev and cu - cu at 62 and 200 gev .  ⁇ n the results show that previous uncertainties in centrality determination and monte carlo glauber model descriptions are too pessimistic .  ⁇ n the centrality analysis method of trainor and prindle exploits the approximate power - law dependence of the multiplicity frequency distribution data for minimum - bias collisions and uses proton - proton multiplicity production data to constrain the peripheral collision end 
b' in this work i revisit the problem of a unified description of inflation and dark matter .  ⁇ n the key ingredient required is to have a reheating process where not all the inflaton energy density decays into radiation .  ⁇ n the key problem is to consider an appropriate phase of reheating that both serve as a bridge between inflation and the standard model of cosmology , and also give us an observationally consistent amount of dark matter .  ⁇ n the key problem is to consider an appropriate phase of reheating that both serve as a bridge between inflation and the standard model of cosmology , and also give us an observationally consistent amount of dark matter .  ⁇ n the solution is made manifest . '
b' we investigate the dynamics of highly viscous drops in creeping flows with nonzero vorticity .  ⁇ n the system dynamics is investigated via direct boundary - integral simulations and by using a small - deformation approach .  ⁇ n we find that the small - deformation equations with only several essential terms retained reproduce complex dynamical features of drop behavior that are associated with drop bistability .  ⁇ 
b' we study the effect of the density fluctuations and fourth - order phase fluctuations on the dynamic structure factor , the phase correlation length and the momentum distribution of a trapped bose gas .  ⁇ n we derive an effective hydrodynamic hamiltonian and diagonalize it in terms of the normal modes of the density and phase fluctuations .  ⁇ n we derive the effective hydrodynamic hamiltonian and derive the dynamic structure factor , the phase correlation length and the momentum distribution .  ⁇ n we also calculate the dynamic structure factor and the momentum distribution for a wide range of the system parameters .  ⁇ n we also discuss the possibility to form a true condensate by changing the system parameters .  ⁇ n we also discuss the possibility to form a true condensate by changing the system parameters .  ⁇ n pacs numbers : 03.75.-a , 03.75.lm , 03.75.lm '
b' we present @xmath0co 21 and co 43 maps of the lupus star forming complex , obtained with the spitzer legacy programme .  ⁇ 
b' we study the electronic transport through a laterally parallel double open quantum dot embedded in a quantum wire .  ⁇ n the dot - lead coupling is coherently tuned by a central elongated potential barrier separating the system into upper and lower channels .  ⁇ n in addition , an external perpendicular magnetic field is applied to manipulate the electronic cyclotron motion and the coupling between the upper and lower dots .  ⁇ n the quasibound - state features with positive or negative binding energy can be observed in the system .  ⁇ n the electronic current flow in the system exhibits different types of resonant features .  ⁇ 
b' we study the alignment of dark matter halos with their large - scale environment using a large - scale galaxy redshift survey .  ⁇ n we find that the alignment between the orientation of galaxies and the large - scale structure is stronger for red galaxies than for blue galaxies .  ⁇ n the alignment is stronger for red galaxies than for blue galaxies , and increases with the mass of the galaxy or its host halo .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new algorithm for finding nash equilibria , based on the tracing procedure .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a co - design scheme to improve the axial accuracy of a conventional in - line holography set - up , while preserving its experimental advantages ( i.e. limited amount of optical accesses , space bandwidth product , and relative robustness to experimental environment variation ) .  ⁇ n the proposed approach is applied to the particular case of spherical opaque particle holograms .  ⁇ n the proposed approach is applied to the particular case of spherical opaque particle holograms .  ⁇ n the proposed approach is demonstrated through numerical and bench - top experiments resulting in an axial localization accuracy gain of @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the advantages of the approach are demonstrated through numerical and bench - top experiments resulting in an axial localization accuracy gain of @xmath1 . '
b' we investigate the search time of a fixed chromosome by successive microtubules nucleating from a single nucleating site , for arbitrary cell size and kinetic parameters .  ⁇ n we derive a compact analytical expression for the probability distribution function of the capture time of a single fixed chromosome by successive microtubules nucleating from a single nucleating site , for arbitrary cell size and kinetic parameters .  ⁇ n we investigate the conditions which optimize the search process using this pdf , and conclude that the cell size is an important factor in the optimization process . '
b' the cross sections of the @xmath0eu(@xmath1,n)@xmath2 tb and @xmath0eu(@xmath3,n)@xmath2 tb reactions have been measured at astrophysically relevant energies using the activation technique .  ⁇ n the half - life of the reaction products has been determined with a precision of about 4% .  ⁇ 
b' the dynamics of particles and their accumulation in electro - osmotic flow through micro - channel junctions is studied theoretically and experimentally .  ⁇ n the particle trapping mechanism is based on the combined forces of the short range dielectrophoresistive ( dep ) and induced - charge electro - osmosis ( iceo ) vortex at the corner of the microchannel .  ⁇ n the experimental results show that the dep trapping force and the iceo vortex are able to produce a rapid trapping of particles .  ⁇ n the experimental results are compared with theoretical predictions .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the relative distribution of molecular gas and star formation activity in the barred spiral galaxy song .  ⁇ n we use the co ( j=1 - 0 ) emission line to trace the molecular gas , and the ionized hydrogen ( h@xmath0 ) line to trace the star formation activity .  ⁇ 
b' we propose and evaluate the infrared photodetectors based on the graphene - based van der waals heterostructures with different numbers of the active undoped graphene layers ( gls ) placed between the emitter and collector and separated by the inter - gl barriers ( glips ) .  ⁇ n these photodetectors are using the _ interband _ photoexcitation of the electrons in gls from the valence band states to the exited states slightly below or higher than the barrier edge .  ⁇ n the photoexcited electrons transfer ( by tunneling through the barrier top or directly ) to the continuum states above the barrier and propagate through the glip responsivity .  ⁇ n this is due to the photocurrent gain associated with the redistribution of the electric field in the heterostructure and leading to amplification of the electron injection from the emitter .  ⁇ n this is due to the redistribution of the electric field in the heterostructure and leading to amplification of the electron injection from the emitter 
b' we report on the experimental investigation of the zero - field spin - tunneling resonance in mn@xmath0-acetate particles .  ⁇ n the nanometer - scale particles were synthesized by re - precipitation of mn@xmath0-acetate crystals .  ⁇ n the nanometer - scale particles were modeled by a ybacuo grain .  ⁇ 
b' we present a compilation of measured redshifts for clusters from the catalogue of abell , corwin , & olowin ( 1989 ) .  ⁇ n the redshifts are available for 59% of all 4076 a - clusters and for 54% of 1174 supplementary southern s - clusters .  ⁇ n the redshifts are based on at least one galaxy measured .  ⁇ n we do not include any photometric redshifts or any galaxy velocities with errors @xmath6600kms@xmath2 .  ⁇ n we do not include any photometric redshifts or any galaxy velocities with errors @xmath6600kms@xmath2 .  ⁇ n we do not include any photometric redshifts or any galaxy velocities with errors @xmath6600kms@xmath2 .  ⁇ n we do not include any photometric redshifts or any galaxy velocities with errors @xmath6600kms@xmath2 .  ⁇ n we do not include
b' we study the close - packing limit of the hard - sphere solid using density - functional theory .  ⁇ n we find that the liquid - solid spinodal is a stable solution of the density - functional theory , and that the liquid - solid spinodal is a stable solution of the density - functional theory .  ⁇ 
b' we present a systematic experimental study of the scaling properties of rough interfaces in forced imbibition of a porous medium .  ⁇ n the experimental setup consists of a hele shaw cell with precisely designed and controlled random variations in gap spacing .  ⁇ n the relative importance of viscous forces can be finely tuned by changing the injection rate of the invading fluid , and the strength of capillary fluctuations can be tuned by adjusting the distance between the two glass plates .  ⁇ n the experimental results are analyzed in terms of a permeability and modified capillary number .  ⁇ n the scaling exponents of the roughening of the interfaces are found to be @xmath0 , @xmath1 , and @xmath2 , respectively .  ⁇ n the scaling exponents are found to be @xmath3 and @xmath4 , respectively .  ⁇ n the scaling exponents are found to be @xmath5 and @xmath6 , respectively .  ⁇ n the scaling exponents are found to be @x
b' we study the effects of damping by coriolis , buoyancy and lorentz forces on turbulent - laminar banded patterns in plane poiseuille flow .  ⁇ 
"b' we present millimeter molecular line observations of the nessie "" nebula .  ⁇ 
b' the _ uhuru _ x - ray observatory was launched in september 2007 and has been observing the sky for over 2 years .  ⁇ n it is the first x - ray observatory in the world .  ⁇ n the _ uhuru _ payload was a _  ⁇ n chandra _  ⁇ n acin - s instrument , allowing the observation of a wide range of physical situations in the universe .  ⁇ n the _ uhuru _ payload was launched in september 2007 and scanned the sky for over 2 years .  ⁇ n the _ uhuru _ payload was a _  ⁇ n chandra _ acin - s instrument , allowing the observation of a wide range of physical situations .  ⁇ n the _ uhuru _ payload was launched in september 2007 , and scanned the sky for over 2 years .  ⁇ n the _ uhuru _ payload was a _  ⁇ n chan
b' we investigate the time delay distribution of x - ray photons scattered by interstellar dust grains .  ⁇ n we find that the time delay distribution function of a scattered photon compared with an unscattered photon is a function of the distance to the source .  ⁇ 
b' we analyze daily data for a 63-element set comprising 60 actual currencies and 3 precious metals : gold , silver , and platinum .  ⁇ n we find that the currency exchange network is a network of interacting exchange rates .  ⁇ n we use the correlation matrix and minimal spanning trees to quantify the importance of a currency in the world financial system and to track subtle changes as the market evolves in time .  ⁇ 
b' we consider the problem of two interacting particles , namely a nucleus and a quark .  ⁇ n we use a formalism similar to the one of the green s function formalism .  ⁇ n we show that due to nuclear recoil the equations for hole and particle become different unlike the infinite systems or models where recoil is neglected .  ⁇ n we introduce a model with particle ( hole)-nucleus interaction , conceptually similar to the shell model .  ⁇ n we provide a possible perturbative scheme to go beyond the mean field level , thus coming in contact with the relativistic shell model .  ⁇ n we also present a simple case where the  ⁇  relativistic shell model  ⁇ ' ⁇ ' can be easily solved .  ⁇ n pacs numbers : 13.60.fr , 13.60.hb , 13.60.fr '
b' we present a statistical analysis of the fisher information associated with the statistics of the time intervals between detector clicks in photon counting experiments .  ⁇ n the fisher information is derived analytically by combining the statistics of the time intervals between detector clicks with the statistics of the counting statistics .  ⁇ 
b' we propose several mechanisms for controlling the response of mesoscopic gold rings .  ⁇ n we identify the operating conditions for which similar rings can exhibit opposite responses .  ⁇ n we show that the transition from paramagnetic to diamagnetic current is able to occur . '
b' we consider the kerr spinning particle - microgeon - kerr circular string and find out an unavoidable appearance of one or two axial half - infinite strings which are topologically coupled to the kerr ring and similar to the dirac monopole string .  ⁇ n these strings carry the chiral traveling waves induced by the e.m .  ⁇ n excitations of the kerr circular string .  ⁇ n the frame of the kerr spinning particle consists of two topologically coupled stringy systems .  ⁇ n the axial strings turn out to be the carriers of de broglie wave .  ⁇ n the axial strings are topologically coupled to the kerr ring and are similar to the dirac monopole string .  ⁇ n the axial strings carry the chiral traveling waves induced by the e.m .  ⁇ n excitations of the kerr circular string .  ⁇ n the axial strings turn out to be a new and very important element of the structure of spinning particles .  ⁇ 
b' the use of moving sound stimuli in spatial auditory bci experiments is proposed .  ⁇ n the concept is tested with a five spatial vowel speller task .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the diffusion - limited aggregation ( dla ) process on a directed small - world network , in which the directed links correspond to the directed irreversibly jumps .  ⁇ n the dla process is repeated until @xmath0 , the number of long - range rewiring connections , reaches a desired value .  ⁇ 
b' we study the entropy of a reissner - nrdstrom type brane - world black hole within the framework of the modified dispersion relation ( mdr ) .  ⁇ n we use the mdr formalism to obtain the entropy of a reissner - nrdstrom type brane - world black hole .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the viscous evolution of a geometrically thin , axisymmetric keplerian finite accretion disk with a time - independent viscosity .  ⁇ n we obtain green s functions , which are the kernels in the integrals .  ⁇ n we show that the radial structure of the disk is characterized by a truncated surface , which is a consequence of the tidal torques , which truncate the disk and provide a sink for the angular momentum .  ⁇ n we show that the tidal radius of the disk is close to the roche lobe , @xmath0 of the mean radius of the roch
b' we present new spectroscopic and astrometric observations of the old open cluster ngc 2355 .  ⁇ n the cluster is analysed in combination with the ubv photometry of kaluzny & mazur ( 1991 ) and the jhk@xmath0 photometry available for the whole field in the 2mass 1999 spring incremental data release .  ⁇ n the proper motions of the red giants and of the red giants are determined .  ⁇ n the radial velocities of the hot fast rotating turnoff stars are determined by standard on - line reduction .  ⁇ n the atmospheric parameters @x
b' we study the ground state properties and excitation spectra of hard - core bosons , at half filling , on square and triangular lattices , with nearest - neighbor repulsion .  ⁇ n we find that the spectra are gapless at the goldstone mode of the superfluid and have a maximum at the antiferromagnetic wavevector .  ⁇ n as the ising coupling is increased , a roton minima develops at the antiferromagnetic wavevector , which goes to zero at the point of heisenberg symmetry .  ⁇ n as the ising coupling is increased , a pronounced peak develops in the structure factor at these wavevectors and simultaneously a sharp roton minima develops in the spectra .  ⁇ n we suggest that the transition to the supersolid phase maybe weakly first order and occurs for a value of the ising coupling slightly less than the heisenberg symmetry . '
b' we study the possibility of generating neutrino masses in the context of a model with spontaneous r parity violation .  ⁇ n we show that the invisible higgs boson decay is the most important mode of higgs boson decay .  ⁇ n we also discuss the implications of this scenario for the neutrino mass generation . '
b' we present a real - space formulation of orbital - free density functional theory and the quasi - continuum reduction technique to conduct electronic structure calculations on multi - million atom systems .  ⁇ n we first compute the binding energies of divacancies in aluminum .  ⁇ n the calculated binding energies of both @xmath0 and @x
b' we consider the estimation of the mixing angle @xmath0 in two - flavor neutrino oscillations .  ⁇ n we consider two types of models for the ensuing oscillations : 1 . the standard plane - wave model ; 2 . a  ⁇  decoherence model '
b' we present a parametric study of the fastest growing magnetorotational instability ( mri ) in a viscous , resistive plasma in the dissipative regime accessible to current numerical simulations .  ⁇ n we identify the existence of a critical elsasser number of order unity and show that kelvin - helmholtz and tearing modes dominate in the quasi - ideal and resistive magnetohydrodynamic regimes , respectively .  ⁇ n we also provide a systematic study of the parameter space involved , and reveal scaling laws that describe the behavior of the fastest growing parasites in these limits .  ⁇ n the joint analysis of the asymptotic behavior of the mri and its saturation is crucial in order to build angular momentum transport models beyond the standard viscous accretion disk . '
b' the vibrational energy relaxation ( ver ) of the amide i mode of a peptide - like molecule , n - methylacetamide ( nm
b' we propose a scheme for generating the entangled noon states of two sets of @xmath0-type three - level atoms via adiabatic passage .  ⁇ n the scheme is robust against the decays of the cavities .  ⁇ n the spontaneous emission rate can be regarded as zero owing to adiabatical eliminations of the atomic excited states .  ⁇ n the scheme can be used to generate arbitrary large-@xmath1 entangled noon states in theory . '
b' we present the first results from _ suzaku _ observations of the agns swift j0601.98636 and swift j0138.64001 .  ⁇ n these objects are selected from a bright _ swift _  ⁇ n  ⁇ n  ⁇ n  ⁇ n  ⁇ n  ⁇ n  ⁇ n  ⁇ n swift  ⁇ n  ⁇ n  ⁇ n  ⁇ n  ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇  
b' the hades dilepton spectrometer is currently being built at the sis heavy - ion synchrotron .  ⁇ n the first level trigger of the hades detector is characterized by a multiplicity condition of two or larger .  ⁇ n simulation results are presented for the system p+ni at 2 agev .  ⁇ n the performance characteristics of the first level trigger in a hadron induced very low multiplicity collision system are presented . '
b' we study the nonequilibrium properties of a superconducting ( s ) junction with two normal - metal ( n ) electrodes attached to a nisin@xmath0isin heterostructure .  ⁇ n the n and adjacent s islands are driven out of equilibrium by applying a bias voltage between the normal electrodes .  ⁇ n the resulting nonequilibrium distributions in each island can be inspected by transverse probe tunnel junctions .  ⁇ n the major modification is that the chemical potentials of the two superconducting islands can not be chosen zero simultaneously since these islands have different potentials determined by the bias voltage .  ⁇ n this is equivalent to a time dependence of the order parameters imposed by different time - dependent order - parameter phases .  ⁇ n we extend the theory to the case of a double - barrier sinis structure .  ⁇ n we show that the resulting distributions in the central n and in the adjacent s islands are strongly enhanced .  ⁇ 
b' we study the behaviour of time - integrated observables in closed quantum systems , focusing in particular on the time - integrated longitudinal magnetisation in the one - dimensional transverse field ising model .  ⁇ n we show that the cumulant generating function of such observables can be non - analytic in the long time limit , and that it is related to the complex eigenvalue of a non - hermitian perturbation of the hamiltonian of the system .  ⁇ n we show that the non - hermitian hamiltonian can display regimes of broken and unbroken @xmath0-symmetry , and that these regimes correspond to distinct dynamical phases of the system .  ⁇ n we apply this analysis to study the time - integrated longitudinal magnetisation in the one - dimensional transverse field ising model . '
b' the gravitational light deflection of one companion of a binary system in the gravitational field of the other companion ( without loss of generality ) is considered .  ⁇ n this effect would change the apparent position of one component of a binary system .  ⁇ n this effect would change the apparent position of one component of a binary system .  ⁇ n this effect is observable only for edge - on binary systems , but it is potentially observable only for edge - on binary systems .  ⁇ n the huge amount of binary systems generate some hope that there are relevant systems where this light deflection effect becomes detectable .  ⁇ n we discuss the possibility of detecting this effect by gaia mission .  ⁇ n we show that the astrometric observations of @xmath0 binaries with a microarcsecond accuracy can be performed with an accuracy of @xmath1 .  ⁇ n we also discuss the possibility of detecting this effect by gaia . '
b' we study the dissipation of a quantum system , a system that is coupled to a surrounding environment .  ⁇ n we show that , by utilizing a suitable dissipation , it is possible to generate a variety of maximally - entangled pure states , the so - called dark states .  ⁇ 
b' we study an age - structured mutation model in which an offspring is endowed with a single heritable trait , the life expectancy .  ⁇ n we allow for deleterious or advantageous mutations , where the offspring fitness is less than or greater than that of its parent , respectively .  ⁇ n this leads to three different behaviors which depend on the ratio between these two mutation rates : ( i ) the average fitness grows linearly with time @xmath0 , ( ii ) the width of the fitness distribution approaches a gaussian , and ( iii ) the average age of the population approaches a gaussian , but with average fitness growing as @xmath1 .  ⁇ n all three cases , the average population age reaches a steady state which , surprisingly , is a _ decreasing _ function of the average fitness .  ⁇ n thus within our model , _ a more fit population does not lead to an increased individual lifetime_. qualitatively , as individuals become more fit , competition plays a more prominent role and
b' we report on a simple scheme to significantly reduce the beam displacement in acousto - optic modulators ( aoms ) .  ⁇ n the method is based on driving the aom with two different radio - frequencies @xmath0 and @xmath1 , and adjusting their relative powers so that the total rf power in the aom is kept constant .  ⁇ 
b' we study the relation between halo mass and star formation rates ( sfrs ) , using a large - scale , cosmological simulation .  ⁇ n we find that a galaxy s sfrs are strongly affected by the halo mass , whereas the sfrs of nearby galaxies are strongly affected by the halo mass .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new model of black hole magnetospheres based on the _  ⁇ n _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
b' the application of perturbative qcd at finite temperature and chemical potential to relativistic heavy ion collisions is discussed .  ⁇ n the results of a numerical calculation of the gluon self energy in the hard thermal loop approximation are presented .  ⁇ n the results of a numerical calculation of the gluon propagator in coulomb gauge are presented .  ⁇ n the results of a numerical calculation of the gluon propagator in the hard thermal loop approximation are presented . '
b' we apply eft(@xmath0)to calculate some astrophysical observables at thermal energies .  ⁇ n all particles but nucleons are integrated out .  ⁇ n three - nucleon forces are added up to n@xmath1lo for cut - off independent results .  ⁇ n the cross - section for neutron - deuteron capture process and the photon polarization parameter are determined .  ⁇ n these converges order by order in low energy expansion and also is cut - off independent at this order .  ⁇ n the total cross section for @xmath3 process near threshold is calculated with the modern realistic two- and three - nucleon forces av18/urbix potential models calculations .  ⁇ n the evaluated cross section has been compared with experimental and the three - nucleon photodisintegration calculation of the total cross section with the modern realistic two- and three - nucleon forces av18/urbix potential models calculations . '
b' we study random walks on generalized small - world networks ( gswn ) , where the underlying regular lattice is supplemented with additional links .  ⁇ n we find that the probability of a walker being at the origin of a gswn is inversely proportional to the mutual chemical distance between the two sites .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the degree to which radiative feedback can suppress the formation of low - mass galaxies that form in dark matter halos with virial temperatures below which atomic cooling is inefficient .  ⁇ n we use analytic models for the expansion of galactic outflows described in @xcite , which self - consistently include the impact of ram - pressure stripping of halos and metal enrichment .  ⁇ n we make a simple parametrisation of the degree of photoionization suppression by choosing a step - like reionization and using a suppression criterion taken from @xcite .  ⁇ n we find that the degree of photoionization suppression is a function of the virial temperature of the halos and the halo mass .  ⁇ n we find that the degree of photoionization suppression is a function of the virial temperature .  ⁇ n we find that the degree of photoionization suppression is a function of the virial temperature .  ⁇ n we find that the degree of photoionization suppression is a function of the virial temperature .
b' we investigate the plasmonic response of silicene to optical excitations within the random phase approximation .  ⁇ n we calculate the dynamical polarization function within the random phase approximation and calculate the decay rate and oscillator strength of the plasmons .  ⁇ n we find that the application of a perpendicular electric field @xmath0 enhances the spin - orbit - coupling gap for one spin and valley type , while it shrinks it for the other .  ⁇ n we also find that the field m breaks the spin degeneracy and leads to valley polarization and the occurrence of the anomalous hall effect .  ⁇ n we also calculate the decay rate and oscillator strength of the plasmons . '
b' we study the packing of fish schools in a circular gantry tank .  ⁇ n we show that the packing density of a school decreases as the group size increases .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the generation of continuous variable nonclassical light via the pulse pumped high gain fiber optical parametric amplifiers ( fopas ) .  ⁇ n the intensity difference noise of the pulsed twin beams is found to be lower than the shot - noise limit ( snl ) by 3.1 db ( 10.4 db after correction for losses ) .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the unfolding pathway of a single protein domain , a protein comprising several stable structural units .  ⁇ n the unfolding pathway is characterized by a sawtooth pattern , in which the end - to - end distance of the molecule is increased with a pulling rate @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we show that the unfolding pathway depends on the pulling velocity , that is , the pulling velocity .  ⁇ 
b' indian cuisines are characterized by a blend of regional cuisines .  ⁇ n while the choice of food ingredients and their combinations is dictated by a range of factors such as geography , culture , climate and genetics , the sensory mechanisms of taste and smell play a dominant role to lock - in ingredients into recipes .  ⁇ n while indian cuisines have been reported to have generic nature of recipe size distribution and frequency - rank distribution , indian cuisine in contrast is reported to have negative food pairing i.e. indian recipes tend to have ingredients of complementary flavors .  ⁇ n this is an important distinction which , apart from reflecting geoclimatic and cultural differences , says a lot about the trajectory that indian cuisine has followed and perhaps bears specific culinary milestones in specifying recipe compositions .  ⁇ n herein we ask the following questions in the context of indian regional cuisines : ( a ) could a model generate a cuisine which is similar to the real world not only in terms of its statistical patterns but also in terms of its flavor profile ? ( b ) what are the dominant factors in
b' we study the higgs inflation with the higgs portal dark matter and the right - handed neutrino .  ⁇ n we point out that this inflation model can explain the results of cosmological observations within regions for @xmath0 for the dark matter mass , @xmath1 for the right - handed neutrino mass , and @xmath2 for the non - minimal higgs coupling to the ricci scalar with @xmath3 for the higgs and @xmath4 for the top masses .  ⁇ n a strong correlation between the dark matter and the right - handed neutrino masses will also be shown and the allowed region of a dark matter mass will be checked by future dm detection experiments . '
b' we report the discovery of a new transient radio source , gcrt j1746@xmath02757 , toward the galactic center .  ⁇ 
b' in this paper , we study the influence of the morphology and the variation of shapes for the homogenized thermal conductivity of composite materials .  ⁇ n the composite materials are constituted by a matrix reinforced by a mixture of cylinders and cylinders .  ⁇ n the inclusions are constituted by a mixture of spheres and cylinders .  ⁇ n the inclusions are constituted by a mixture of spheres and cylinders .  ⁇ n we also consider two kinds of variations around the shape of inclusions : the spheres and cylinders which are corrugated or some pieces of the inclusions are excavated and/or removed to produce irregular shapes .  ⁇ n we have studied the influence of the geometry and the volume fraction of each type of inclusions .  ⁇ n for this purpose , we have varied the wave parameter for the first variation and the volume fraction of defects ( @xmath0 ) which designates the volume fraction of pieces of inclusions excavated for the second variation .  ⁇ n for the influence of the variations of shape inclusions , we have varied
b' we present _  ⁇ n chandra _ and _ xmm - newton _ observations of the peculiar type ii supernova ( sn ) 1995n in mcg02 - 38 - 017 .  ⁇ 
b' the egret collaboration has discovered a large number of @xmath0-ray point sources at high galactic latitudes .  ⁇ n most of them are blazars .  ⁇ 
b' this paper presents a reinforcement learning based slam - safe navigation planner that learns to identify robot motions that can lead to failures in slam pose estimation and avoid such motions during trajectory planning .  ⁇ n the method was expected to generate trajectories that have minimal failures and pose estimation errors over varying maps . through various experiments  ⁇ 
b' i briefly review the current status of the central structures and dynamics of galaxies .  ⁇ n i then briefly discuss the role of nuclear density waves , spirals , bars and @xmath0 modes in the evolution of the central structures . '
b' we investigate the possibility of a macroscopic coherent quantum state of bosonic charge carriers strongly coupled to local bosonic excitations of the environment .  ⁇ n we show that the internal structure of the local coherent quantum state of the bosonic excitations of the environment is modified .  ⁇ n we show that in such a state the internal structure of the _ local _ coherent quantum state of the bosonic excitations of the environment is modified .  ⁇ n we show that in the intermediate coupling limit such self - trapped composite entities can be considered as two - particle resonant states of the underlying system of itinerant electrons . '
b' we present a new set of lieb - thirring - type inequalities for the energy of a single - particle state in one and two dimensions .  ⁇ 
b' we study the chiral spin liquid state of doped antiferromagnets on the square lattice .  ⁇ n we show that the spin gapped state can be realized as the analog of the fractional quantum hall effect with its chiral edge states .  ⁇ n we also propose a way to realize a chiral theory explicitly rather than spontaneously by considering doped antiferromagnets on the square lattice . '
b' we report on the tunneling magnetoresistance ( tmr ) measurements in a ga@xmath0mn@xmath0as diluted magnetic semiconductor ( dms ) heterostructure .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new method for estimating the stellar mass of a galaxy , based on the technique of abundance matching .  ⁇ 
b' we study numerically the landauer transmission and eigenstates of the anderson tight - binding model on the cayley tree .  ⁇ n we find that several probability distributions propagate as traveling waves with a fixed shape , as the number @xmath0 of tree generations grows .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a 24@xmath0 survey of the young open cluster m47 .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a far - infrared search for dust in the diffuse intergalactic medium .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new model for the dielectric properties of au thin films .  ⁇ n the model is based on the drude model and is a generalization of the drude model .  ⁇ 
b' we study the dynamics of rydberg excitation in mesoscopic samples containing up to 100 ground - state atom
b' we study the fulde - ferrell - larkin - ovchinnikov ( fflo ) state of quasi - two - dimensional ( 2d ) superconductors with a zeeman field .  ⁇ n we find that the fflo state is a spatially inhomogeneous state of a normal and a superconducting region .  ⁇ n the upper critical field of the fflo state depends on the dimensionality of the fermi surface , fermi liquid interactions , orbital effects , and the presence of vortice
b' we present a novel method for implementing parallelization of a serial model .  ⁇ n the method is based on the reimplementation of an existing serial model and the replication of its results .  ⁇ 
b' we study the distribution of the diffusion coefficients of the time - averaged mean square displacements ( tamsds ) in the stored - energy - driven lvy flight ( sedlf ) .  ⁇ 
b' we present the latest measurements of @xmath0 and @xmath1 production in p+p collisions at @xmath2 gev .  ⁇ 
b' we present a summary of the x - ray properties of classical and recurrent novae .  ⁇ 
b' we show that the diameter of the set of all curves in a given regular homotopy class which have at most @xmath0 crossings , grows quadratically with respect to @xmath0 .  ⁇ n a quadratic upper bound will be established by presenting an explicit algorithm transforming any curve to any other regularly homotopic curve .  ⁇ n a quadratic lower bound will be established using the invariant of curves introduced in n1 .  ⁇ n furthermore , our explicit algorithm for passing between curves , has the property that if the initial and final curves have at most @xmath0 crossings , then all curves along the way have at most @xmath1 crossings .  ⁇ n it also implies a characterization of curves with minimal number of crossings in their regular homotopy class . '
b' i review the current status of the hst quasar absorption line key project and other groups .  ⁇ 
b' we discuss the problem of quantum state discrimination .  ⁇ n we show that , if we use weak measurements , the success probability converges to the known optimal result for discrimination by projective measurements .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the collective excitations of a pure neutron superfluid liquid in the presence of a triplet superfluid condensate .  ⁇ n the collective motion of the condensate is described in terms of the total variable phase which is derived from the current conservation condition .  ⁇ n the sound - like modes are found to be very sensitive to the pairing interaction .  ⁇ n the sound - like modes are found to be very sensitive to the pairing interaction .  ⁇ n the sound - like modes are found to be very sensitive to the pairing interaction .  ⁇ n the sound - like modes are found to be very sensitive to the pairing interaction .  ⁇ n the sound - like modes are found to be very sensitive to the pairing interaction .  ⁇ n the sound - like modes are found to be very sensitive to the pairing interaction .  ⁇ n the sound - like modes are found to be very sensitive to the pairing interaction .  ⁇ n the sound - like modes are found to be very sensitive to the pairing interaction .  ⁇ n the sound - like modes are found to be very sensitive
b' we present the first results of a _ integral _ monitoring campaign of the bulge of our galaxy .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the effect of the u - boson on the softened equation of state ( eos ) of isospin asymmetric nuclear matter at supra - normal densities .  ⁇ n we adopt the relativistic mean - field theory to describe hadronic matter , and the mit bag model for quark matter .  ⁇ n we find that the u - boson can soften the eos significantly , and reduce the maximum mass of neutron stars .  ⁇ n the u - boson can enhance the maximum mass of neutron stars , and reduce the maximum mass of neutron stars .  ⁇ n the u - boson can also enhance the maximum mass of neutron stars . '
b' we review the main processes that affect the molecular and thermal states of interstellar gas , and we review some of the aspects of cloud structure that are likely to arise from turbulence .  ⁇ n we discuss the role of turbulence in the formation of molecular clouds , and we discuss the implications of this for the structure of the milky way . '
b' we study the evolution of a magnetic field in a turbulent flow of a charged fluid .  ⁇ 
b' we propose the use of the spectral representation to analyze the frequency - dependent response of a suspension of colloidal particles or biological cells .  ⁇ n the spectral representation is a rigorous mathematical formalism of the effective dielectric constant of a two - phase composite material .  ⁇ n it offers the advantage of the separation of material parameters ( namely the dielectric constant and conductivity ) from the cell structure information , thus simplifying the study .  ⁇ n the dielectric dispersion spectrum , with the dispersion strength as well as the characteristic frequency being explicitly expressed in terms of the structure parameters and the materials parameters of the suspension , can be directly derived from the debye relaxation spectrum .  ⁇ n the actual shape of the real and imaginary parts of the permittivity over the relaxation region can be uniquely determined by the debye relaxation spectrum , parametrized by the characteristic frequencies and the dispersion strengths .  ⁇ n thus , we can study the impact of the constituent dielectric constants , the volume fraction of inclusions as well as the detailed microstructure of the composite materials .  ⁇ n the 
b' we investigate the thermal evolution of neutron stars with the nuclear equation of state ( eos ) which include hyperons and kaons at high densities .  ⁇ n we use non - relativistic nuclear models to construct nucleonic degrees of freedom and employ non - relativistic hyperon potential models for @xmath0 and @
b' i discuss recent work on analyzing and interpreting density and column density statistics , properties and definitions of clumps , linewidth - size relations , and statistics of polarization maps .  ⁇ n i also present new results , update previous work , and make connections to the conclusions of other groups . '
b' we present the results of a timing study of the atoll source 4u 160852 .  ⁇ n the source was observed in the x ray colour colour diagram ( cd ) with the _ rossi x - ray timing explorer _ ( rxte ) .  ⁇ 
b' we study a model of self - propelled particles ( spp ) , a model of self - driven particles , based on near - neighbor rules .  ⁇ n we study the dynamics of the model , and find that the model exhibits a phase transition , a critical point , and a critical exponent .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the detectability of gravitational waves emitted by a newly born , hot , rapidly - rotating neutron star , assuming that the source is located at distances up to 20 mpc from earth .  ⁇ n we show that the amplitude of the _  ⁇ n r_-mode instability saturates in a natural way at a value that depends on the amount of differential rotation at the time the instability becomes active .  ⁇ n we also investigate the effect of differential rotation on the detectability of gravitational waves emitted by a newly born , hot , rapidly - rotating neutron star . '
b' we study a system of hard straight rods on a square lattice .  ⁇ n we find strong numerical evidence that the system shows nematic order at intermediate densities .  ⁇ n we estimate the critical density for the second phase transition .  ⁇ 
b' we present deep optical images of 15 minor mergers .  ⁇ n the tidal debris of these mergers is dominated by blue star clusters with ages ranging from a few myr to greater than a gyr .  ⁇ n the star clusters in the tidal debris have ages ranging from a few myr to greater than a gyr as well as masses ranging from @xmath0 to @xmath1 .  ⁇ n the tidal debris of these minor mergers may be a significant contributor to the pollution of the igm . '
b' we investigate the possibility of describing the accelerated expansion of the universe in rastall s model , based on the requirement that the stress - energy tensor for the matter / energy content is not conserved , i.e. @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we show that , in the cosmological scenario , the cardassian expansion model can be derived by rastall s tensorial equations , despite the fact that this model passed almost all observational tests , it is purely phenomenological .  ⁇ n we also check the viability of the model with respect to the sneia and grbs hubble diagram .  ⁇ n we find that , despite the fact that this model passed almost all observational tests , it is purely phenomenological .  ⁇ n pacs numbers : 04.20.dw , 04.20.dw , 04.20.gz '
b' we present a finite - step - size algorithm for the simulation of lattice qcd with wilson fermions .  ⁇ n the algorithm is based on a multi - level metropolis scheme .  ⁇ n the main novelty of the simulation is the use of a sequence of approximations of the exact action in a multi - level metropolis scheme .  ⁇ n we present first numerical tests of the method .  ⁇ n these tests are performed with the two flavour 2d schwinger model with wilson action and two - flavour qcd with wilson action and schrdinger functional boundary conditions .  ⁇ n we compare our method with related approaches . '
b' we present a detailed analysis of the surface properties of intermediate - mass stars .  ⁇ n we focus on the case of @xmath0 ( 6 and @xmath0 ) stars , which have been evolved , starting from the pre - main sequence until they had gone through a number of helium - shell flashes along the tp - agb .  ⁇ n full evolutionary models were computed up to the fourth  ⁇  full amplitude  ⁇ ' ⁇ ' thermal pulse in the asymptotic regime .  ⁇ n the resulting evolutionary models were then used to follow global surface properties and nucleosynthesis up to the planetary nebula ejection .  ⁇ n the resulting models are particularly relevant for population synthesis and chemical evolution models .  ⁇ n we find that the surface abundance anomalies in the @
b' we study the chiral separation effect ( cse ) in a chiral medium .  ⁇ 
b' we study the electrophoretic mobility of electrically neutral polymers .  ⁇ n we consider a polymer with a spherical shape and a uniform electric field .  ⁇ n the electrophoretic mobility is governed by the smoluchowski equation .  ⁇ n the smoluchowski equation is derived using the debye - hckel approximation and weak - field linearization .  ⁇ n the smoluchowski equation is solved using the debye - hckel approximation .  ⁇ n the smoluchowski equation is solved using the debye - hckel approximation and weak - field linearization .  ⁇ n the smoluchowski equation is solved using the debye - hckel approximation and weak - field linearization .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the time scale dependence of the work done by modulating an external field in an isothermal process .  ⁇ n we find that the work needed for the change is independent of a path of changing the external field .  ⁇ n in addition , the work needed for the change is independent of a path of changing the external field .  ⁇ 
b' the rex linac is a high energy electron beam ion source , aiming at a high energy upgrade of the hie .  ⁇ 
b' bipartite networks are composed of two types of nodes with no links connecting nodes of the same type .  ⁇ n unipartite projections of bipartite networks are often considered .  ⁇ n the unipartite projections of bipartite networks are characterized by a link if these nodes share at least one neighbor of the other type , and then throwing out all nodes of this other type .  ⁇ n we build the hidden variable formalism for bipartite networks , and study analytically the topological properties of bipartite networks in this class .  ⁇ n we also consider two specific examples of bipartite networks with hidden variables , uncorrelated and stratified bipartite networks , and confirm in simulations our analytical results for these networks . '
b' we present a method to calculate the angular momentum distribution of a particle in a particular angular momentum state .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the melting of hard - core potential systems , based on the morse potential .  ⁇ n we observe that the melting transitions are characterized by different types of features .  ⁇ n we observed that , for a system described by the morse potential , the melting transitions are characterized by a hexatic phase characterized by quasi - long - range orientational order and short - range translational order .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the global properties of elliptical galaxies .  ⁇ n we show that most of the global properties of elliptical galaxies can be explained by a sequence of stellar mergers between disk galaxies of mass ratios between 1:1 and 4:1 .  ⁇ n the sequence of mass ratios is a sequence of disk disruption .  ⁇ n however , even with 4:1 remnants we fail to reproduce the fastest observed rotators with @xmath0 at one effective radius .  ⁇ n recent observations of fast rotating low luminosity ellipticals show that the disagreement is even stronger at larger radii .  ⁇ n a _  ⁇ n  ⁇ n _  ⁇ n _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
b' we study the spectrum of a random sparse matrix , which is a random graph embedded in three - dimensional euclidean space .  ⁇ n the spectrum is obtained by solving the rodgers - bray integral equation .  ⁇ n the lifschitz tails in the density of states are found to be gaussian .  ⁇ 
b' we present a spectral - line study of the star - forming galaxy ddo68 .  ⁇ n the spectral - line data reveal a complex of massive star formation complexes , and a bridge of low surface brightness hi gas .  ⁇ n the hii regions of these complexes are significantly displaced from the center of the main stellar body of ddo68 .  ⁇ n the hii regions of these complexes are co - spatial with high column density hi gas ( n@xmath0 @xmath1 @xmath2 @xmath3 ) .  ⁇ n the hii regions of these complexes are co - spatial with hii regions of high column density hi ( n@xmath4 @xmath5 ) .  ⁇ n the hii regions of these complexes are co - spatial with hii regions of high column density hi ( n@xmath6 @xmath7 ) .  ⁇ n the hii regions of these complexes are co - spatial with hii regions
b' we present the first application of a new method to determine the mass distribution of massive clusters with giant arcs around a central black hole ( bcg ) .  ⁇ n the method combines lensing analysis with stellar kinematical measurements of the bcg .  ⁇ n the two ingredients provide complementary information on the relevant scales ( @xmath0 kpc ) , allowing us to disentangle the luminous and dark components of the total mass distribution .  ⁇ n we have chosen the cluster m
b' we present a new photometry procedure , called multi - aperture indexing , which is suited to analyzing well - sampled wide - field images of non - crowded fields with a highly varying point spread function ( psf ) , such as those produced by wide - field mosaic imagers on large telescope
b' we present a number of free space corrections to the neutrino - nucleon cross section for both charged and neutral currents .  ⁇ n these include nucleon recoil , weak magnetism , strange quarks and single nucleon form factors .  ⁇ n we also present simple formulae so that these corrections can be incorporated in supernova simulations .  ⁇ n we also give estimates of the change in emitted electron antineutrino spectrum and the differences expected between the spectrum of mu or tau antineutrinos and neutrinos .  ⁇ n we also give estimates of the change in emitted mu or tau antineutrino spectrum and the differences expected between the spectrum of mu or tau antineutrinos and neutrinos .  ⁇ n we also give estimates of the change in emitted mu or tau antineutrino spectrum and the differences expected between the spectrum of mu or tau antineutrinos and neutrinos .  ⁇ n we also present exact neutrino - nucleon cross sections for both charged and neutral currents .  ⁇ n these are accurate to
b' we investigate the transmission of surface plasmon - polaritons through a two - dimensional metallic surface pierced by two metallic segments whose interface is periodically modulated .  ⁇ n we show that when the interface has the form of a rectangular grating with a critical value of the modulation depth , the zero - order term in the fourier expansion of the transmitted electric field can be suppressed in a certain frequency range .  ⁇ n the + 1 and -1 modes which unlike the zero - order beam do not satisfy reciprocity , remain propagating in this frequency range and their diffraction efficiencies can be independently modified by varying the period of the grating and/or the angle of incidence .  ⁇ n the diffraction efficiencies can be independently modified by varying the period of the grating and/or the angle of incidence and , as a result , the transmittance of surface plasmon - polaritons propagating through this structure may become asymmetric . '
b' we study the hawking - gibbons entropy of the cosmological horizon in @xmath0 gravity .  ⁇ n we show that the hawking - gibbons entropy of the cosmological horizon is a function of the cosmological constant .  ⁇ n we also show that the hawking - gibbons entropy of the cosmological horizon is a function of the cosmological constant .  ⁇ n we also show that the hawking - gibbons entropy of the cosmological horizon is a function of the cosmological constant .  ⁇ n we also show that the hawking - gibbons entropy of the cosmological horizon is a function of the cosmological constant .  ⁇ n we also show that the hawking - gibbons entropy of the cosmological horizon is a function of the cosmological constant .  ⁇ n we also show that the hawking - gibbons entropy of the cosmological
b' we examine the pion decay constant with the kogut - susskind quark action .  ⁇ n we use gauge invariant and non - invariant operators , and compare the results with those obtained with gauge invariant operators .  ⁇ n we find that the pion decay constant calculated in this channel receives no renormalization .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a survey of quasars at z@xmath05 .  ⁇ n the survey is carried out with the isaac newton telescope wide field camera ( wfc ) at the 2.5 m int .  ⁇ n the survey consists of single 600secs exposures in 5 wavebands ( @xmath1 ) over an area of @xmath2 .  ⁇ 
b' we study the performance of a quantum register based on a trapped ion .  ⁇ n we consider two different types of decoherence : the non - dissipative one due to random phase fluctuations and the dissipative one due to spontaneous decay of the metastable states .  ⁇ 
b' we use a spectral based method , maximising coherence , for time delay estimation .  ⁇ n we apply this method to simultaneously recorded traces of electroencephalogram ( eeg ) and electromyogram ( emg ) of subjects with essential tremor a well known pathological form of hand tremor .  ⁇ n we obtain a delay of 11 - 27 milli seconds ( @xmath0 ) between the tremor correlated cortical activity ( eeg ) and electromyogram ( emg ) and the results are reasonably within the range of experimentally observed value for cortico - muscle transmission .  ⁇ n this result , further confirms the involvement of cortex in the generation of essential tremor . '
b' the density of atoms in a magneto - optical trap ( mot ) is limited by the radiation pressure of the trapping laser beams .  ⁇ n a dark mot ( dmot ) configuration is demonstrated for a sample of @xmath0rb atoms .  ⁇ 
b' we have studied the zeroth order transmission of rectangular holes arrays in a thin metallic layer deposited on glass .  ⁇ n we have shown that the transmission pattern is better described by fano s profiles correlated with interferences between non resonant processes and the resonant response of surface plasmons coupled with nonhomogeneous diffraction orders .  ⁇ n we have shown that each maximum of transmission ( preceded by a minimum ) corresponds to one maximum of a fano s profile ( preceded by the related minimum ) .  ⁇ n moreover , whereas such fano s profile is related to a resonant process , the location of its maximum ( or minimum ) does not necessarily correspond to the location of the resonance .  ⁇ n we have shown that the transmission pattern is better described by fano s profiles correlated with interferences between non resonant processes and the resonant response of surface plasmons coupled with nonhomogeneous diffraction orders .  ⁇ n we have shown that each maximum of transmission ( preceded by 
b' we study the correlations of the gluon distribution at different points in transverse space , which are a consequence of the stochastic evolution of the parton distribution .  ⁇ n we show that the correlations of the gluon distribution at different points in transverse space are a kind of a stochastic extension of the fisher - kolmogorov - petrovsky - piscounov equation .  ⁇ n we also show that the correlations of the gluon distribution at different points in transverse space are a kind of a stochastic extension of the balitsky - kovchegov equation .  ⁇ n we also show that the correlations of the gluon distribution at different points in transverse space are a kind of a stochastic extension of the fisher - kolmogorov - petrovsky - piscounov equation .  ⁇ n we also show that the correlations of the gluon distribution at different points in transverse space are a kind of a stochastic extension of the fisher - kolmogorov - pet
b' we study the proximity effect in a superconductor / ferromagnet trilayer with atomic thickness .  ⁇ n we show that the superconducting critical temperature is larger in the antiparallel alignment than in the parallel alignment .  ⁇ n this suggests that the proximity effect plays a dominant role in the determination of the zero temperature superconducting gap and that pair breaking effects play a dominant role in the determination of the critical temperature . '
b' we present a renormalization factor for the nonlinear susceptibility of x - ray parametric down - conversion ( pdc ) .  ⁇ n the renormalization factor captures the behavior of the nonlinear susceptibility at the @xmath0-absorption edge of diamond and at the @xmath1 absorption edge of si .  ⁇ 
b' we study the effects of spontaneously generated coherence ( sgc ) in electromagnetically induced transparency ( eit ) and giant kerr effect ( gke ) in the four - level of @xmath0-type and double @xmath0-type systems .  ⁇ n the sgc can cause new eit channels due to destructive interference , which could be termed as vacuum - assisted transparency ( vat ) .  ⁇ n we show that the nonlinear kerr absorption can be narrowed or eliminated with the effect of sgc , under different strengths of the coupling and switching fields .  ⁇ n we also investigate the photon switching process via photon statistics , which shows anti - bunching when photon switching occurs .  ⁇ n we demonstrate that the ability of the original eit and gke can be improved by introducing sgc . '
b' the diffractive double - elastic production of @xmath0 meson in proton - proton collisions is studied in the formalism with unintegrated gluon distribution functions .  ⁇ n the cross section for the process @xmath1 is calculated .  ⁇ n the cross section for the process @xmath2 is calculated .  ⁇ n the cross section for the process @xmath3 is calculated .  ⁇ n the cross section for the process @xmath4 is found to be @xmath5 and @xmath6 .  ⁇ n the cross section for the process @xmath7 is calculated .  ⁇ n the cross section for the process @xmath8 is found to be @xmath9 10 gev .  ⁇ n pacs numbers : 13.25.hw , 13.25.hw , 13.25.hw '
b' we study the dynamical correlation functions of a single - impurity kondo model in and out of equilibrium .  ⁇ n we use a non - equilibrium perturbation theory together with a pseudo - fermion representation of the kondo spin .  ⁇ n we derive the dynamical correlation functions in the limit @xmath0 , where @xmath1 is the applied voltage .  ⁇ 
b' we compute the brst cohomology of the type iib brst operator in flat space .  ⁇ n we show that the brst cohomology is a nontrivial cohomology at the ghost number three .  ⁇ 
b' in a fusion reactor , bare solid walls would be exposed to high fluxes of energetic particles , fusion neutrons and heat .  ⁇ n however , free - surface liquid metal layers will tend to be uneven due to non - uniform force fields , liquid metal instabilities and turbulence .  ⁇ n unforced lm surfaces could enter in contact with the plasma , limit it , contaminate it , cool it , and possibly disrupt it .  ⁇ n these effects can be suppressed by local adjustments of electric current density .  ⁇ n the main motivation for the present work is to prevent these effects by enforcing uniform thickness by feedback control .  ⁇ n the key idea is that , in analogy with feedback control of plasma instabilities , liquid metal instabilities can be sensed by ultrasound- , laser- or electrode - based sensors and suppressed by local adjustments of electric current density .  ⁇ n such adjustments would be performed by arrays of electrodes and suppressed by local adjustments of electric current density .  ⁇ n the main
b' we report on a method to produce binary feas crystals by bi flux .  ⁇ n the crystals were grown by a combination of feas powder and polycrystalline bi .  ⁇ n the crystals were characterized by quantum oscillations in magnetic torque measurements starting above 10 t. analysis of these oscillations makes it possible to give a more complete picture of the electronic structure of feas below t@xmath0 .  ⁇ 
b' i review the basic physics entering the structure and the evolution of brown dwarfs ( bds ) .  ⁇ n i discuss the most recent advances realyzed in the physics of the interior and the atmosphere of bds .  ⁇ n i also mention the physics underlying the so - called lithium - test , which provides a powerful independent determination of the substellar nature and the age of a putative bd .  ⁇ n i also mention the physics underlying the lithium - test , which provides a powerful independent determination of the substellar nature and the age of a putative bd . '
b' i study the flux distributions of center vortices in su(3 ) .  ⁇ n the model predicts casimir scaling at intermediate distances and the pattern of screening at large distances .  ⁇ n the model does not agree with casimir scaling quantitatively , in contrast to the precise agreement recently found by numerical simulations .  ⁇ n the lack of convexity of the potentials predicted by the model is also discussed .  ⁇ 
b' we present _ rosat pspc _ observations of the dwarf spiral galaxy ngc 3109 .  ⁇ n we find a number of x - ray sources which coincide with the hi extent of ngc 3109 .  ⁇ n we use these x - ray sources to derive the gas content of ngc 3109 .  ⁇ 
b' we calculate the action / energy density distribution around a static quark - antiquark pair in lattice qcd .  ⁇ n the action / energy density is analyzed by the fourier transformation of the link variable .  ⁇ n we find that the action / energy density is strongly enhanced due to the divergence of the quark self - energy .  ⁇ n the flux - tube contribution to the action / energy density is rather small than the perturbative contribution .  ⁇ n therefore , it is difficult to observe the flux - tube structure in traditional approaches . '
b' we present a new computational method to study the multichannel effects of a quantum two - body system in a 1d harmonic trap .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a one - dimensional model for excitons based on a simplified exchange - correlation kernel .  ⁇ n the model is based on two kronig - penney - type bands , which are used as input .  ⁇ n we show that the model reproduces many aspects of excitons , and it can be used to identify important aspects of the exchange - correlation functional for excitonic effects .  ⁇ n it clearly shows that excitons are collective excitations of the many - body system : the appropriate phase - coherent mixing of the single - particle excitations is important for excitonic effects . '
b' we present observations of the c7.0 flare of february 17 , 2013 , which produced a sunquake .  ⁇ n the sunquake initiation was analyzed using data from four space instruments : euv observations from sdo / aia , vector magnetic field measurements from sdo / hmi , integrated soft x - ray emission from goes , and x - ray spectroscopic imaging data from rhessi .  ⁇ n we find that despite the precise temporal coincidence between the hxr source and the sunquake impact this event is not consistent with the standard flare model , because the hxr source and the sunquake impact were at different spatial locations , at two different footpoints of the flare loop .  ⁇ n our analysis leads to a suggestion that a significant role in the sunquake initiation may be played by electric currents in the low atmosphere . '
b' we present a spectral analysis of a sample of agn with a broad fe k@xmath0 emission line .  ⁇ 
b' we study the large - amplitude longitudinal oscillations of a prominence thread in a 3d sheared arcade .  ⁇ n we assume that the prominence is confined with a static magnetic field .  ⁇ n we use a full wave description of the oscillations , and compare the resulting thread motions with observed lal oscillations properties .  ⁇ n we find that the restoring force is mainly the gravity and the pressure forces are small .  ⁇ 
b' we construct a supersymmetric black hole solution with the topology @xmath0 in the five - dimensional minimal ungauged supergravity .  ⁇ n the metric of the supersymmetric black hole is described by an @xmath1-bundle over the 4-dimensional hyper - khler base space .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the transport of energy and heat in a quantum system , i.e. , a system coupled to heat baths of different temperatures .  ⁇ n we derive a quantum master equation for the dissipative dynamics of the system .  ⁇ 
b' we study the dynamics of a free - electron laser ( fel ) , interacting with a co - propagating wave .  ⁇ n the fel is described by the colson - bonifacio model , which describes the collective wave - particle dynamics .  ⁇ n we show that the emergence of quasi - stationary states ( qss ) is governed by the discreteness of the medium .  ⁇ n we also show that the colson - bonifacio model can be regarded as a general formulation for all those applications where the complex interplay between particles and fields is well known to be central , e.g. electrostatic instabilities in plasma physics .  ⁇ n we also point out that , on the practical implication side , by disposing of reliable predictive tools on the system evolution , one can aim at guiding the system towards different experimental regimes . '
b' we study the slip boundary condition for single - phase flow past a chemically patterned surface .  ⁇ n molecular dynamics simulations show that modulation of fluid - solid interaction along the patterned surface induces a lateral structure in the fluid molecular organization near the surface .  ⁇ n as a consequence , various forces and stresses in the fluid vary along the patterned surface .  ⁇ n a general scheme is developed to extract hydrodynamic information from molecular dynamics data .  ⁇ n the validity of the navier slip boundary condition is verified for the chemically patterned surface , where a local slip length can be defined .  ⁇ n continuous calculations are carried out using the navier - stokes equation and the navier boundary condition ( nbc ) , with a slip length varying along the patterned surface .  ⁇ n changing the ratio of the pattern period to the slip length , two distinct slip regimes are found .  ⁇ n particularly , when the pattern period is sufficiently small compared to the slip length , the solid surface appears to
b' i discuss the origin of the ultra - high energy cosmic rays ( uhecrs ) .  ⁇ 
b' we discuss the different experimental ways to define diffraction .  ⁇ n we discuss the methods used by the h1 and zeus experiments at hera , desy , hamburg .  ⁇ 
b' we study the persistence properties of the @xmath0-state potts model in one dimension .  ⁇ n we consider the @xmath1 reaction - diffusion model , which is equivalent to the one - dimensional ising model .  ⁇ 
b' we present molecular dynamics simulations of nanoaggregates in bitumen .  ⁇ n the nanoaggregates are composed of aromatic molecules , the most heavy and aromatic fraction in bitumen , but also of lighter aromatic molecules like resin and resinous oil .  ⁇ n we show that the nanoaggregate size is a function of the number of aromatic molecules , and that the probability of having a nanoaggregate containing a given number of aromatic molecules is a function of the number of aromatic molecules .  ⁇ n the two probabilities differ qualitatively .  ⁇ n we first model the simpler case , where only asphaltene molecules are counted .  ⁇ n we derive a master equation and a statistical mechanics model , which provide a simple theoretical framework for interpreting the simulation results on nanoaggregate stability .  ⁇ n the more complicated case where all aromatic molecules are counted is discussed in terms of statistical mechanics arguments .  ⁇ n the results of the master equation approach are also compared to the aggregation dynamics observed in molecular dynamics simulations .  ⁇ 
b' the dynamic polarizabilities of the ground and the lowest states of the ca@xmath0 and @xmath1 ions are calculated using a fully relativistic fixed core potential .  ⁇ n the polarizabilities of the ground and the @xmath2 states are calculated .  ⁇ n the dynamic polarizabilities of the @xmath3(@xmath0 ) , @xmath4 , @xmath5 , @xmath5 , @xmath5 , @xmath5 , @xmath5 , @xmath5 , @xmath5 , @xmath5 , @xmath5 , @xmath5 , @xmath5 , @xmath5 , @xmath5 , @xmath5 , @xmath5 , @xmath5 , @xmath5 , @xmath5 , @xmath5 , @xmath5 , @xmath5 , @xmat
b' we study the dephasing of electrons in a mesoscopic wire , focusing on the effect of magnetic impurities .  ⁇ n we show that the dephasing rate is strongly affected by the presence of magnetic impurities , and that the dephasing rate is a function of the magnetic impurity concentration .  ⁇ 
b' we show that the kerr - schild geometry is in perfect agreement with the holographic structure of quantum black hole spacetimes .  ⁇ n the exact solutions of debney - kerr - schild equations for electromagnetic excitations of the kerr - schild geometry and their back reaction to metric and horizon are obtained .  ⁇ n the kerr - schild holographic projection is realized by the kerr congruence and generalizes the holographic map considered by bousso .  ⁇ n the exact outgoing solutions have two related but radically different components which shed light on a possible semi - classical mechanism of black hole evaporation :  ⁇ a ) a casuality of the kerr - schild structure and a causality of the kerr - schild twistor structure .  ⁇ n the kerr - schild structure is in perfect agreement with holographic approach and allows one to consider evaporation as a scattering of in - vacuum on a 
b' we present a monte - carlo event generator based on the higher - twist scheme .  ⁇ n the event generator is constructed with pythia to sample the initial high transverse momentum parton , the osu hydrodynamic simulation to provide the thermal medium , and the matter event generator to provide the medium for jet quenching .  ⁇ n the higher - twist model is applicable to high energy , high virtuality partons , in contrast to the other schemes ( arnold - moore - yaffe and arnold - salgado - wiedemann ) that are more applicable to lower virtuality partons .  ⁇ n the event generator is based on the higher - twist scheme .  ⁇ n we also attempt to include a consistent space - time structure with fluctuations within the simulation .  ⁇ n the higher - twist model is also applicable to high energy , high virtuality partons , in contrast to the other schemes ( amy and asw ) that are more applicable to lower virtuality partons .  ⁇ 
b' we study current - induced dynamics of a composite free layer with antiferromagnetic rkky exchange coupling in metallic spin valve pillars .  ⁇ n we show that the current - induced dynamics of both synthetic antiferromagnet and synthetic ferrimagnet are governed by a single - layer hamiltonian .  ⁇ 
b' we report on the first detection of transient x - ray ( tl ) signals ( tls ) from four accreting black holes ( nss ) .  ⁇ 
b' we calculate the thermal evolution of millisecond pulsars with rotochemical heating , taking the structure of the star fully into account in the frame
b' we investigate the relationship between helix - coil transition and folding in an artificial peptide .  ⁇ n the peptide is represented in a detailed representation where the interactions between all atoms are taken into account .  ⁇ n multicanonical simulations with large statistics are used to evaluate the free energy landscape of our peptide at different temperatures .  ⁇ n the encountered transitions are further investigated by partition zeros analysis which allows to characterize  ⁇  phase transitions '' in small systems .  ⁇ n quantum quantities such as the energy , specific heat , helicity and susceptibility were calculated as function of temperature .  ⁇ n our data suggest that the peptide in gas - phase folds in a two - step process : in a first step two @xmath0-helices are formed in what amounts to a first order transition .  ⁇ n after these helices re - arrange themselves into a u - like structure .  ⁇ n the second step has the characteristics of a second order transition .  ⁇ n our data suggest that the peptid
b' we present a study of the dusty torus in the central regions of a sample of agns based on the sloan digital sky survey ( sdss ) .  ⁇ n we find that the torus is a smooth extension of the broad line region ( blr ) , and the torus is a smooth extension of the blr .  ⁇ n the torus is a smooth continuation of the blr , and the boundary between them is determined only by dust sublimation .  ⁇ n the torus is a natural reservoir of gas supply to the accretion disc and the interstellar medium of galaxies .  ⁇ n the torus is a natural reservoir of gas supply to the accretion disc .  ⁇ n the torus is a natural reservoir of gas supply to the accretion disc .  ⁇ n the torus is a smooth continuation of the blr and the boundary between them is determined only by dust sublimation .  ⁇ n the torus is a smooth continuation
b' we have investigated the properties of quasi - projectile ( qp ) fragments produced in the reactions of 47 mev / u @xmath0ar + @xmath1ni .  ⁇ 
b' we study the dynamics of a surface characterized by a height appropriate to a substrate .  ⁇ 
b' we study the spectral evolution of tev blazars with the help of the spectral model of a relativistic jet .  ⁇ n the spectral evolution of tev blazars is characterized by two peaks , i.e. , a lower energy peak and a higher energy peak .  ⁇ n the lower energy peak is characterized by synchrotron radiation of nonthermal electrons / positrons in the jet .  ⁇ n the lower energy peak is characterized by synchrotron self - compton radiation of nonthermal electrons / positrons in the jet .  ⁇ n the lower energy peak is characterized by synchrotron self - compton radiation of nonthermal electrons / positrons in the jet .  ⁇ n the lower energy peak is characterized by synchrotron self - compton radiation of nonthermal electrons / positrons in the jet .  ⁇ n the lower energy peak is characterized by synchrotron self - compton radiation of nonthermal electrons / 
b' azimuthal correlations of electron - muon pairs produced from heavy flavor decays , primarily @xmath0 , have been measured in and collisions at rhic using the phenix detector .  ⁇ n the correlations are free of backgrounds from other sources , such as resonance decay and drell - yan .  ⁇ n the correlations are measured in the forward and backward directions , and are compared to mont
b' we compute the amplitude of the decay of a neutral pion into two photons in a gauged nonlinear sigma model .  ⁇ 
b' we calculate the form factors entering the transition matrix elements of the semileptonic @xmath0 decay .  ⁇ n we use the most general form of the interpolating field for the @xmath1 heavy baryon as well as the distribution amplitudes of the light @xmath0 baryon to calculate all twelve form factors in full theory .  ⁇ n then , we use these form factors to calculate the total decay rate as well as the branching ratio of the considered decay channel .  ⁇ n we also numerically analyze the form factors and use them to calculate the related decay rate and branching ratio .  ⁇ n pacs numbers : 12.38.bx , 12.38.bx , 13.25.hw '
b' graphics processing units ( gpus ) are a new technology that has been attracting considerable interest in the scientific community .  ⁇ n gpus are able to perform arithmetic operations on short streams of data .  ⁇ 
b' we report on a search for radio emission from the millisecond pulsar sax j1808.43658 during its 1998 nov 30 outburst and during quiescence .  ⁇ n we find no evidence for any radio emission , with a significance of @xmath0 .  ⁇ 
b' the aharonov bohm effect is a purely quantum effect which is due to the influence of the vector potential of an impenetrable magnetic vortex on the motion of a charged particle .  ⁇ n the authors of paper @xcite have suggested an interference experiment to verify the aharonov bohm effect .  ⁇ n they heuristically arrive at their suggestion of interference experiments already in the beginning of the paper .  ⁇ n the background of their suggestion is given by the exact solution for scattering problems .  ⁇ n the background relies directly on the formalism of quantum mechanics , namely on the schrdinger wave equation .  ⁇ n the latter allows the authors to consider their effect as a scattering event .  ⁇ n the main motivation of the present paper is to provide an explanation for this paradox .  ⁇ n aharonov bohm effect , exact solution for scattering problems , exact solution for scattering problems , exact solution for scattering problems , exact solution for scattering problems '
b' we present the results of a large reverberation mapping campaign to measure the black hole mass of a sample of super - eddington accreting massive black holes ( seambhs ) .  ⁇ n the fe ii emission lines are observed in several broad bands , ranging from 40005400 to 20002600 .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a spin transistor based on three - dimensional topological insulators .  ⁇ 
b' karr s telescoping algorithm for symbolic summation based on his theory of difference fields provides a fundamental general framework for symbolic summation .  ⁇ n his strategy in general produces sum representations that are not optimal with respect to simplification .  ⁇ n based on results of @xcite we develop a refined version of karr s summation theory , which leads to the definition of the so called depth - optimal difference field extensions .  ⁇ n several important properties hold in such extensions which are relevant in symbolic summation .  ⁇ n moreover , an efficient telescoping algorithm which computes sum representations with optimal nested depth is presented . '
b' we present a holographic renormalization group ( rg ) flow of effective field theories in warped higher dimensional spacetimes .  ⁇ n the flow is a flow of effective field theories in rs1-type geometries of varying radius , @xmath0 , theories with smaller @xmath0 having lower warped down effective energy cutoffs .  ⁇ n two effective theories lying on the same flow are matched to describe the same physics at energies below the lower of the two associated cutoffs .  ⁇ n in particular this means that matched theories with different radii have the same  ⁇  ir '' or  ⁇  visible '' brane positions , but different  ⁇  uv '' or  ⁇  hidden '' brane positions .  ⁇ n the matching is accomplished by tuning the hidden brane localized lagrangian as a function of @xmath0 .  ⁇ n this lagrangian depends on the values of bulk fields induced on the hidden brane .  ⁇ n we identify a
b' we present a selection method for rr lyrae stars from the quest survey .  ⁇ n we utilize a complete sample of rr lyrae stars discovered by the sloan digital sky survey ( sdss ) .  ⁇ 
b' the electronic structure of the transition - metal carbide and nitride ( tmc ) surfaces is studied with the density - functional theory .  ⁇ n the valence - electron density differences , bader charge analyses , band structures , projected densities of states , and real - space wave functions are used in a joined way to obtain detailed information of the bond character : valence - electron density differences , bader charge analyses , band structures , projected densities of states , and real - space wave functions .  ⁇ n key bulk properties are calculated , compared with earlier studies , and analyzed on the basis of the obtained knowledge of the electronic structure .  ⁇ n the importance of the trends in electronic structure and nature of bonding in the early transition - metal carbides ( tmc s ) is also analyzed .  ⁇ 
b' we study the magnetic phase diagram of the hubbard model on anisotropic triangular lattice within a variational mean - field approach .  ⁇ n the phase diagram is rich and consists of many unconventional magnetic phases that are found in the corresponding kondo - lattice model .  ⁇ n these include , ( i ) the four - sublattice 3q order at quarter filling , ( ii ) the flux state at quarter filling , ( iii ) the non - collinear charge ordered phase at two - third filling , ( iii ) the non - collinear charge ordered phase at two - third filling .  ⁇ n in addition , the 120@xmath0state is stable near the isotropic triangular limit and a collinear stripe state is stable in the anisotropic regime .  ⁇ n the influence of nearest neighbor coulomb repulsion on these phases is also investigated .  ⁇ 
b' we analyze the form factor of a classically chaotic quantum billiard .  ⁇ 
b' we study the scattering of surface plasmons by shallow surface defects .  ⁇ n we consider both indentations of the metal surface ( grooves ) and protrusions on it ( ridges ) .  ⁇ n we find that ridges and grooves , with the width much larger than the depth , do scatter very similarly .  ⁇ n however square shallow defects manifest a different scattering efficiency , differing in the relative radiative loss and radiation pattern .  ⁇ n we revisit the problem so as to clarify why the approximate result does work in the case of shallow and short symmetric defects .  ⁇ n we also show that the scattering properties of short and short symmetric defects are gradually transformed into the scattering properties of elongated defects , as the aspect ratio of the defect increases .  ⁇ n we explain how the scattering properties of short and short symmetric defects are gradually transformed into the scattering properties of elongated defects .  ⁇ n we also show that the scattering properties of shallow and short symmetric defects are gradually transformed into the scattering properties of elongated defects , as
b' we study the two - dimensional , conservative , isotropic spanning tree model , which is a simple and robust model of self - organized criticality .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a daily monitoring of the bh soft x - ray transient xt
b' we present a method for solving stochastic differential equations with strong solutions .  ⁇ n the method is based on a taylor expansion of the solutions of stochastic differential equations .  ⁇ n the method is implemented in a variable stepsize ( i.e. adaptive ) explicit runge - kutta based integrator .  ⁇ n we demonstrate the use of the method by solving a variety of stochastic wave equations arising in decoherence problems , and in stochastic decomposition of the many - body problem . '
b' we show how defects can be used to create bell and @xmath0 states in spin chains with nearest neighbor coupling .  ⁇ n we show how the anisotropy of the system can be used to preserve the state for a long time .  ⁇ n we also show how the anisotropy may be used to create entanglement between two or more qubits .  ⁇ n pacs numbers : 03.65.ud , 03.65.ud , 03.65.ud '
b' a stochastic model of the forest fire spread is proposed .  ⁇ n it is based on the local small - world network model , which includes long - range interactions .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a hybrid model of the unitary - evolution - based quantum computation model ( uqcm ) and the measurement - based quantum computation model ( mqcm ) .  ⁇ n the hybrid model is a hybrid version of the uqcm and the mqcm .  ⁇ 
b' we describe a family of convolutional neural networks with many layers of max - pooling .  ⁇ 
b' in this paper , novel accuracy bounds for map - aware localization systems are derived and their applications to specific environments are analysed .  ⁇ n specifically , the bayesian cramer - rao bound ( bcrb ) , the extended zik - zakai bound ( ezzb ) and the weiss - weinstein bound ( wwb ) are derived .  ⁇ n these bounds , which provide several novel insights into map - aware localization , have the following features : 1 .  ⁇ n they are characterized by different tightness / analytical complexity ; 2 . they can be evaluated for any map geometry and , in the cases of the bcrb and the ezzb , admit a closed form for rectangular maps ; 3 .  ⁇ n they allow to a ) identify map features ( e.g. , shape , area , etc . ) influencing localization accuracy and b ) quantify such an influence .  ⁇ n then , such bound
b' we investigate the evolution of the bound states of negative charged massive particles ( champs ) , which are assumed to be the lightest supersymmetric particle ( lsp ) , by numerically solving the boltzmann equation .  ⁇ n we find that the bound state of negative champs can have a significant effect on large scale structure and the damping of matter power spectrum .  ⁇ n we also discuss the constraint on the property of champs from large scale structure and other aspects such as big bang nucleosynthesis and the cmb spectrum .  ⁇ n we find that the bound state of negative champs can be stable for some time in the course of the history of the universe .  ⁇ n we also find that the bound state of negative champs can be stable for some time in the course of the history of the universe .  ⁇ n we also find that the bound state of negative champs can be stable for some time in the course of the history of the universe .  ⁇ n we also find that the bound state of negative champs can be stable for some time in the history of the universe .  ⁇ n we also discuss the constrain
b' we present a spectral library of 34 hipparcos stars , which covers a wide range of stellar parameters .  ⁇ n the library is built from a set of fundamental relations , that means , independently from the spectra .  ⁇ n the main goal of this work is to define a set of benchmark stars representing fgk stars of various metallicities .  ⁇ n we present a detailed spectral analysis of this library and we give a general comparison of our parameters to previous parameters found in the literature .  ⁇ n we also discuss the implications of the uncertainties and finally we give a general comparison of our parameters to previous parameters found in the literature . '
b' we discuss the non - thermal activity in galactic clusters ( gcs ) , focusing on the possibility that cosmic shocks are responsible for the production of relativistic crs .  ⁇ n we show that the gcs are populated by a complex structure of what we call _ internal shock waves _ , which propagate through gas inside formed ( or forming ) structures that have already been shock heated .  ⁇ n such shocks include not only merger shocks associated with merger events , but also , and more commonly , flow shocks .  ⁇ n they have similar properties ( e.g. size , mach number to ) to , but are more common than the largest merger shocks .  ⁇ n they are of primary importance for production of relativistic crs and must be considered when addressing the issues on the non - thermal activity inside gcs .  ⁇ n we show that the expected contribution of cosmic shocks to the total population of crs is about a factor of two larger than that of the largest merger shocks .  ⁇ 
b' we present optical and near - ir properties of galaxies in 60 nearby groups , known as the group evolution multi - wavelength study ( gems ) .  ⁇ n we divide the sample into two subsamples : x - ray bright and x - ray dim .  ⁇ 
b' in this paper , we investigate quasinormal frequencies ( qnms ) and hawking radiation for a reissner - nordstrm black hole surrounded by quintessence .  ⁇ n we evaluate the imaginary parts of the qn frequencies by using the third order wkb approximation method .  ⁇ n we find that the qnms of the scalar perturbation are dominated by the quintessence .  ⁇ n the hawking radiation is also investigated .  ⁇ n we find that the qnms of the scalar perturbation are dominated by the quintessence .  ⁇ n the qn frequencies of the scalar perturbation are dominated by the quintessence .  ⁇ n the qn frequencies of the scalar perturbation are dominated by the quintessence .  ⁇ n the qn frequencies of the scalar perturbation are dominated by the quintessence .  ⁇ n the qn frequencies of the
b' we propose a model for the motion of the magma column in a volcanic conduit .  ⁇ n the model describes the magma motion as a creep flow of viscoelastic compressible medium with shear - stress - dependent boundary conditions .  ⁇ n we show that the dynamics of the model exhibits 2 levels of quasiperiodic behavior and resembles the eruption patterns of the strombolian - type volcanoes both on long and short time scales .  ⁇ n the physical transparency of the suggested model allows us to express the observed time scales using the material properties of the magma . '
b' this paper presents a self - * overload control policy ( soc ) for overload control in distributed web systems .  ⁇ n soc is designed to be adopted by web cluster dispatching points ( dp ) , and does not require any modification of the client and/or server software .  ⁇ n decisions to block or accept incoming sessions are made on the basis of a dynamically adjusted upper limit on the admission rate .  ⁇ n decisions are made on the basis of an autonomous and continuous measurement activity .  ⁇ n the inter - decision time becomes increasingly shorter as traffic changes become sudden and fast , as in presence of flash crowds .  ⁇ n this interval is set back to longer values when the workload conditions return to normality .  ⁇ n we designed a synthetic traffic generator , based on an industrial standard benchmark specweb2005 , which we used to run simulations under a wide range of operating conditions .  ⁇ n we compared soc to other commonly adopted approaches showing that it outperforms the others in terms of performance and stability even in presence of flash crowds .  ⁇ n experiments show that so
b' we propose a spectroscopy technique for the measurement of the interatomic interaction strength arising from two - body collisions .  ⁇ n the method is based on the entanglement dynamics of a system of @xmath0 non - interacting spin @xmath1 particles .  ⁇ n the entanglement between the atoms during the free evolution creates a large amount of entanglement even from an initially uncorrelated sample .  ⁇ n this scheme provides a resolution which is fundamentally limited to @xmath2 , a factor of @xmath0 smaller than the heisenberg limit achievable with non - interacting atoms .  ⁇ n moreover , for initially uncorrelated atoms the sensitivity scales as @xmath2 , implying a gain in resolution with respect to the classical shot noise resolution . '
b' the in - medium four - particle equation describing the modification of the binding energy of the @xmath0-particle in symmetric nuclear matter is solved .  ⁇ n the results are compared with those of perturbation theory .  ⁇ n the results are obtained for the energy shifts and the mott densities .  ⁇ n the results are compared with those of perturbation theory . '
b' we investigate the nature of orbits in the meridional plane of a galactic model with a spherical nucleus and a flat biaxial dark matter halo .  ⁇ n we consider the motion of stars in the meridional plane of an axially symmetric potential .  ⁇ n we find that the orbits of stars in the meridional plane of a triaxial potential are characterized by a resonant orbit with a third isolating integral of motion .  ⁇ n we also investigate the nature of the orbits of stars in the meridional plane of a triaxial potential .  ⁇ n we find that the orbits of stars in the meridional plane of a triaxial potential are characterized by a third isolating integral of motion , besides the angular momentum and the total orbital energy .  ⁇ n we also find that the orbits of stars in the meridional plane of a triaxial potential are characterized by a third isolating integral of motion , besides the angular momentum and the total orbital energy 
b' we present a new analysis of the sunyaev - zeldovich ( sz ) effect in galaxy clusters .  ⁇ n we use a new , unbiased , and robust method to estimate the sz signal in clusters .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new analysis of the structure of the forest at @xmath0 , based on a sample of 68 quasars with @xmath1 .  ⁇ 
b' we review the theory of interstellar turbulence and its implications for the abundance variations in stars and interstellar gas .  ⁇ n we discuss the role of turbulence in the mixing of the elements and molecular chemistry , and we discuss the role of turbulence in the formation of extrasolar planets and cosmological structure at high redshift .  ⁇ n we discuss the implications of the turbulence - driven mixing of the elements and molecular chemistry .  ⁇ n we also discuss the role of turbulence in the formation of extrasolar planets . '
b' we investigate the formation of low - mass condensations ( lmcs ) within the cores of molecular cloud 1 .  ⁇ n we show that the lmcs are formed in the parent cores , and they may be converted to the star - forming gravitationally unstable cores , brown dwarfs , or proto - planets .  ⁇ n we also investigate the formation of lmcs within the cores .  ⁇ 
b' we show that the fundamental plane is a confounding correlation .  ⁇ n we propose that the confounding parameter is related to evolution .  ⁇ n we then discuss why and how the evolution of galaxies is probably the confounding parameter . '
b' we present a new feature - recognition algorithm for coronal loop identification based on the 2d wavelet - transform modulus maxima ( wtmm ) method .  ⁇ 
b' we present the first detection of the he ii @xmath0 line from a population iii ( pop iii ) galaxy at @xmath1 .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed analysis of the statistics of the magnitude of serrated events in a two - dimensional kob - andersen binary glass - former .  ⁇ n we show that the system size dependence of the magnitude of the serrated events may reveal important inhomogeneities in the statistics of the magnitude of the serrated events .  ⁇ n we also show that the analysis of the magnitude of the serrated events together with the system size dependence may discover important inhomogeneities in the statistics that may escape attention when focusing on power - laws alone .  ⁇ n we also show that a full understanding of the statistics of such signals and their scaling properties calls for an examination of the physical processes involved .  ⁇ n after such an examination the picture may clarify considerably and even universal results may be gleaned . '
b' we present a new spectroscopic study of the hyperactive dwarf 2mass j13153094@xmath02649513 ( hereafter 2mass j1315@xmath02649 ) .  ⁇ n the spectroscopic data were obtained with the keck ii telescope , and the keck ii telescope .  ⁇ 
b' we consider a stochastic optimization problem with @
b' we study experimentally and numerically a driven , optically - based radiofrequency ( rf ) oscillator .  ⁇ 
b' we present the first detailed chemical study of the globular cluster ngc 6362 .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of the wisconsin h@xmath0 mapper ( wham ) survey of the spica nebula .  ⁇ n the spica nebula is a photoionized region , with a gas density of @xmath1 @xmath2 vir .  ⁇ 
b' we present a 2-d numerical code for the evolution of rapidly rotating neutron stars in the approximation of a static spacetime .  ⁇ n the code is based on high - resolution shock - capturing finite - difference schemes for the numerical integration of the general relativistic hydrodynamic equations .  ⁇ n we show that the code is suitable for the evolution of rapidly rotating stars , with the additional complication of having to pay special attention to an angular momentum - loss at the ( non - spherical ) surface of the star .  ⁇ n we also present a detailed analysis of the evolution of a rapidly rotating neutron star .  ⁇ n we find that the @xmath0-mode has the shortest growth time of the dynamical bar - mode instability and it can transform a rapidly rotating newly - born neutron star to a crab - like slowly - rotating pulsar within about a year after its formation .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the fractal geometry of the solar magnetic field in the photosphere .  ⁇ n we use high resolution ( @xmath0 ) , spectro - polarimeter ( sp ) observations and high resolution ( @xmath1 ) , turbulent dynamo simulations with the muram code to derive the spectral / fractal properties of the magnetic field .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new method for the normal mode calculation of stellar systems based on kalnajs s theory .  ⁇ 
b' we study the observable gravitational radiation ( em ) signature of compact binary mergers .  ⁇ n we consider the ligo - virgo and geo600 detectors , which are currently operating intermittently .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed analysis of the evolution of supermassive binary black holes ( smbbhs ) in the universe .  ⁇ n we use a sample of smbbhs in the sloan digital sky survey ( sdss ) , and a sample of sdss galaxies with sdss - iii - iii - iii - iii - iii - iii - iii - iii - iii - iv - iv - iv - iv - iv - iv - iv - iv - iv - iv - iv - iv - iv - iv - iv - iv - iv - iv - iv - iv - iv - 
b' we present the first beryllium detection in a star characterized by a metallicity well below one thousandth solar ( [ fe / h]=@xmath03.3 ) , the halo star g6412 .  ⁇ n the star was observed in dichroic mode in four exposures of @xmath1 90 min each , and the spectra were split in four exposures of @xmath1 90 min each .  ⁇ n the spectra were obtained in the b346 , r580 , and r860 settings .  ⁇ n the spectra were obtained in the b346 , r580 , and r860 settings , and the spectra were analyzed in the b346 , r580 and r860 settings .  ⁇ n the spectra were analyzed in the b346 , r580 , and r860 settings , and the spectra were analyzed in the b346 , r580 and 
b' we present a dimensionality reduction technique called pca , applied to a huge database of synthetic spectra .  ⁇ n pca searches in a high dimensional space for possible correlations , and finds an optimal basis for representing the data in a compact way .  ⁇ n the method is applied to more than 800 stars , members of the open clusters ngc3293 , ngc6705 , and trumpler14 .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a study of the diffuse @xmath0-ray emission observed in the third galactic quadrant .  ⁇ n the region hosts kinematically well - defined segments of the local and perseus spiral arms and is one of the best regions to study the distribution of cosmic - ray ( cr ) densities across the outer galaxy .  ⁇ n we present the results of a study of the atomic gas in the local arm , based on _ fermi _ lat data .  ⁇ n we find that the atomic gas is dominated by a strong inverse compton scattering ( ic ) process , and that the ic scattering is dominated by a strong ic process .  ⁇ n the emissivity profile of the atomic gas is consistent with a cr propagation model .  ⁇ n the ic scattering is dominated by a strong ic process .  ⁇ n the ic scattering is dominated by a strong ic process .  ⁇ n the ic scattering is dominated by a strong ic
b' we study the influence of the ponderomotive potential on the spectral features of above - threshold ionization and high - order harmonic generation .  ⁇ n we show that the ponderomotive potential is a very sensitive probe of the spectral features , and that the ponderomotive potential is a very sensitive probe of the spectral features .  ⁇ 
b' we present a method to derive semi - empirical pseudopotentials ( seps ) for nitride nanostructures .  ⁇ n the seps are derived from a local density approximation calculation of a passivated and an unpassivated slab .  ⁇ n the numerical results are compared to yukawa - type potentials .  ⁇ n the seps are then used to calculate the electronic structure of gan nanowires .  ⁇ n the seps are found to be more accurate and transferable than the local empirical pseudopotentials .  ⁇ n the seps are also used to calculate the electronic structure of gan nanowires . '
b' we present the results of a multi - wavelength study of the blazar 3c 66a .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a setup for performing homodyne detection of matter - wave fields .  ⁇ n the setup is based on an interferometer for bose - einstein condensates .  ⁇ n we show that this setup allows one to determine the mean value of the atomic field by measuring the flux of the scattered photon .  ⁇ n we also show that this setup can be extended to determine the first - order correlation function of an atomic gas , when the two illuminated regions belong to the same quantum gas . '
b' we study the equilibrium properties of a mixture of condensed bosons and spin - polarized fermions , through the dimensional crossover from three to two dimensions .  ⁇ 
b' in this paper , we study the @xmath0 channel with @xmath1 source - destination ( s d ) pairs and @xmath2 helping relay nodes located in the path between s d pairs , so - called the @xmath3 channel .  ⁇ n we show that the optimal degrees of freedom ( dof ) is achieved by using orthogonalize - and - forward relaying , which completely neutralizes interference at all destinations if @xmath2 is greater than or equal to @
b' we present a general framework for adaptive metropolis ( am ) sampling , which is a random - walk metropolis sampler with a gaussian proposal .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new technique for removing the effects of the ionosphere on the visibility of a vhf interferometer .  ⁇ 
b' in this paper , we develop morphological operators for a hypergraph .  ⁇ 
b' we analyze the performance of weak value amplification ( wva ) in gaussian random measurements .  ⁇ n we show that wva can be used to suppress technical noise in the measurement , and to give some kind of technical advantage in comparison to the standard techniques .  ⁇ n we also show that the imaginary wva technique can be used to suppress angular jitter in deflection measurements .  ⁇ n we also show that the imaginary wva technique can be used to suppress angular jitter in deflection measurements . '
b' we present a new approach to network reconstruction from noisy lti systems .  ⁇ n the approach is based on dynamical structure functions , which are a means of representing the structure and dynamics of an lti system at a resolution consistent with the number of measured states .  ⁇ 
b' we study the stability of a spherical sample to small amplitude oscillations of arbitrary direction in a set of coaxial circular current loops .  ⁇ n the basic configuration is axisymmetric and the perturbation fields are three - dimensional .  ⁇ n we derive analytic solutions for the axisymmetric base state and the perturbation field due to a small displacement .  ⁇ 
b' we discuss the impact of the cosmic microwave background ( cmb ) anisotropies on the cosmological model of the early universe .  ⁇ 
b' the picard group @xmath0 of a graph is a group of stable configurations in the abelian sandpile model .  ⁇ n it is known that the order of @xmath0 is equal to the number of spanning trees of @xmath1 .  ⁇ n we show that there is a canonical free , transitive action of @xmath0 on the set of spanning trees of @xmath1 .  ⁇ n in particular , we show that there is a canonical @xmath0-torsor structure on the set of spanning trees of @xmath1 . '
b' we investigate the stability of superfluids in small orifices .  ⁇ n we find the complete set of thermodynamic inequalities , _  ⁇ n i.e. _ , the conditions imposed on thermodynamic functions for the superfluid to remain stable .  ⁇ n we employ the landau phonon - roton model to calculate the highest velocity compatible with obtained thermodynamic inequalities and show that it can be interpreted as a critical velocity .  ⁇ n this thermodynamic scenario supposedly explains the superfluidity breakdown in small orifices .  ⁇ n we use scaling speculations to find critical behavior of the critical velocity . '
b' in this paper , a distributed energy efficient power control algorithm is proposed for the uplink two - tier networks with small cells and massive multiple - input multiple - output ( mimo ) .  ⁇ n the distributed power control algorithm is implemented by decoupling the energy efficiency ( ee ) optimization problem into two steps . in the first step ,  ⁇ n the users are assigned into different groups . in the second step , multiple power control games based on evolutionary game theory ( egt ) are formulated for each group .  ⁇ n then , each user can take individual decisions to optimize its own energy efficiency .  ⁇ n thus , the computational complexity can be greatly reduced in comparison with the brute force approach and the fairness among the users can be improved significantly .  ⁇ n simulation results show that the distributed power control algorithm can improve the fairness among the users significantly .  ⁇ n ee , distributed power control , two - tier networks , distributed power control , evolutionary game theory '
b' the effect of including the turbulent pressure @xmath0 , derived from 3-d radiative hydrodynamical simulations , into the hydrostatic structure of the outer layers of the models , where @xmath1 is known to be significant , on the p - mode oscillation frequencies is calculated .  ⁇ n the results are compared with the predictions of the 1-d hydrostatic models of the sun , corresponding to the sun on the zero - age main sequence , the present sun and the future sun as a subgiant .  ⁇ n the results show that the inclusion of @xmath1 significantly shifts the frequencies of the p - mode oscillations . '
b' we report the discovery of a planet orbiting the nearby m3 dwarf gj 687 .  ⁇ n the planet is a highly archetypal representative of a planet in the milky way in terms of its parent star , its planetary mass , and its orbital period .  ⁇ n we use this discovery to motivate a larger discussion of the frequency of occurrence , physical properties , and detectability of low - mass planets orbiting m - type stars .  ⁇ n we use this discovery to motivate a larger discussion of the frequency of occurrence , physical properties , and detectability of low - mass planets orbiting m - type stars .  ⁇ n we use this discovery to motivate a larger discussion of the frequency of occurrence , physical properties , and detectability of low - mass planets orbiting m - type stars .  ⁇ n we use this discovery of what is a highly archetypal representative of a planet in the milky way in terms of its parent star , its planetary mass , and its orbital period to motivate 
b' we compare the absolute magnitudes of @xmath0 nearby red clump giants with accurate trigonometric parallaxes measured by hipparcos and by ogle in baade s window .  ⁇ n the absolute magnitudes of the red clump giants are compared with the apparent magnitudes of the red clump giants measured by ogle .  ⁇ n the absolute magnitudes of the red clump giants are compared with the hipparcos absolute magnitudes .  ⁇ n the absolute magnitudes of the red clump giants are found to be @xmath1 mag , @xmath2 mag , and @xmath3 mag .  ⁇ n the absolute magnitudes of the red clump giants are found to be @xmath4 mag , @xmath5 mag , and @xmath6 mag .  ⁇ n the absolute magnitudes of the red clump giants are found to be @xmath7 mag , @xmath8 mag , and @xmath9 mag .  ⁇ n
b' the effects of coherent structures on the statistical properties of two - dimensional ( 2d ) turbulence are quantified .  ⁇ n the effects of coherent structures on the statistical properties of turbulence are quantified by measuring their effects on the relative displacement of two trajectories .  ⁇ 
b' we study the baby - skyrme model in the limiting case when the scalar field is a complex scalar field .  ⁇ n we show that the model is integrable for the static sector .  ⁇ n we also show that the bogomolnyi bound is not saturated .  ⁇ n we also show that the model is integrable for the static sector .  ⁇ n we also show that the model is integrable for the static sector . '
b' we study the correlation between the locations of structural rearrangements and local softness in a polymer glass under uniaxial tensile deformation .  ⁇ 
b' we study the effects of relativistic effects on the variability of x - ray emission .  ⁇ n we assume that the hard x - rays are produced by magnetic flares co - rotating with the keplerian disk .  ⁇ n we assume further that durations of the flares are consistent with the flare avalanche model of @xcite .  ⁇ n then , the natural association of a flare time scale with the keplerian time scale leads to a possibility of long flares occurring at small distances .  ⁇ n the x - rays source can then participate in the keplerian motion , possibly for a number of @xmath0 , which produces a quasi - periodic modulation of emission due to doppler boost .  ⁇ n the strength of the resulting quasi - periodic signal depends on the black hole spin , inclination angle and other details of the radial distribution of flares .  ⁇ n we show that the resulting quasi - periodic signal in the pds depends on the black hole spin , inclination
b' we study the quantum effects of bose - einstein condensates in curved spacetime .  ⁇ n we find that the bogoliubov quasiparticles in the condensate wave function can be described by the bogoliubov - de gennes equations .  ⁇ n we also find that the bogoliubov quasiparticles can be spontaneously created in the condensate .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed study of the motions of dynamic fibrils ( dfs ) in active region plage regions .  ⁇ n we use a new numerical model to study the dynamics of dfs in active region plage regions .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the ultimate limits to squeezing in a parametric oscillator , using the coherent - state positive p - representation .  ⁇ n we use a systematic expansion technique that is valid below the critical point , and a direct numerical stochastic equation simulation .  ⁇ n we find an analytic expression for the optimal squeezing , which occurs below the critical point , which gives excellent agreement with accurate numerical simulations .  ⁇ n however , even larger noise reductions are predicted to occur simply by reducing the losses of the second - harmonic .  ⁇ n we also discuss the critical region where the narrow - band squeezing is less than optimal due to the effects of critical fluctuations . '
b' we present a theoretical model to describe the coulomb breakup of a projectile within the framework of the post form distorted wave born approximation .  ⁇ n the finite range effects are treated approximately via a local momentum approximation .  ⁇ n the results of the model are compared with the experimental data .  ⁇ n the results of the model are compared with the experimental data .  ⁇ 
b' the development of real networks has opened a new era in the study of complex systems .  ⁇ 
b' we study the quantum interference of a mesoscopic / macroscopic  ⁇  mirror ' with a non - zero rest mass microscopic  ⁇  particle ' after elastic reflection .  ⁇ n the particle and mirror are initially in eigenstates of energy and the incident and reflected waves interfere .  ⁇ n the particle - mirror state before the particle reflects from the mirror and the particle - mirror state after reflection are indistinguishable for a measurement of position .  ⁇ n the two - body quantum analogy involves solving the schrdinger equation with an interaction potential modeling the reflection .  ⁇ n the interference is then limited spatially and temporally in a manner similar to that of a pulse of light reflecting from a moving thin film .  ⁇ n the interference is then limited spatially and temporally in a manner similar to that of a pulse of light reflecting from a moving thin film .  ⁇ n the interference is then limited spatially and temporally in a manner similar to that of a pulse of light reflecting from a moving thin film .  ⁇ n
b' we present a theoretical study of the electronic structure of the superconductor bscco-2212 .  ⁇ n we consider a model where the dopant atoms act as potential scatterers , and assume that the underlying physics is andreev - scattering of the quasiparticles at order parameter modulations .  ⁇ n we show that the resulting pairing - induced changes in the electronic structure can be explained by a combination of a pair disorder model and a pair disorder model .  ⁇ n we also show that the resulting pairing - induced changes in the electronic structure can be explained by a combination of a pair disorder model and a pair disorder model .  ⁇ 
b' we introduce a new model of the predator - prey problem with history - dependent dynamics .  ⁇ n the predators and the prey are modeled as a random walk on a square lattice .  ⁇ n the predators and the prey reproduce with a constant rate and die if they have not  eaten anything in a specified time .  ⁇ n the time - delayed equations are solved by a mean - field approximation .  ⁇ 
b' we study the zero - bias conductance peak ( zbcp ) of a specular interface in a high - temperature superconductor .  ⁇ n the scattering matrix is derived from the scattering matrix .  ⁇ n the zbcp is shown to be split due to the presence of a subdominant order parameter ( @xmath0 ) in the vicinity of the interface .  ⁇ 
b' we present a numerical method to solve the complete set of continuity , momentum and state equations including nonlinear propagation and frequency power law attenuation .  ⁇ n the method is based on a time - domain fractional derivative solver , which is a generalization of the finite - differences in time - domain solver .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the dynamics of entanglement of dirac field in noninertial frames .  ⁇ n we consider only one observer ( charlie ) in the accelerated frame and then we do calculations for two accelerated observers ( bob and charlie ) .  ⁇ n we show that in either case the acceleration does not produce entanglement .  ⁇ n we also show that the degradation of entanglement is slower in the case of tripartite states as compared to bipartite states in noninertial frames .  ⁇ n we also show that the degradation of entanglement is slower in the case of tripartite states as compared to bipartite states in noninertial frames . '
b' we review the classical and quantum dynamics of atomic nuclei .  ⁇ n we discuss the role of the quadrupole type of nuclear deformations in the description of nuclear collective motions .  ⁇ n we also discuss the role of the quadrupole type of nuclear deformations in the description of chaos .  ⁇ n we conclude that the quadrupole type of nuclear deformations is a good model for the description of nuclear collective motions .  ⁇ n we also discuss the role of the quadrupole type of nuclear deformations in the description of chaos . '
b' the charge and magnetic instabilities of two - dimensional materials are well understood in terms of fermi surface nesting .  ⁇ n the analysis shows how to locate these nesting features in momentum space , often providing analytical expressions .  ⁇ n the analysis is applied to several families of cuprates , both in the hartree - fock plus rpa ( hf+rpa ) and in a gutzwiller approximation ( ga+rpa ) calculation .  ⁇ n the analysis provides a pseudogap candidate and makes the surprising prediction that the  ⁇  checkerboards ' seen in scanning tunneling microscopy studies are not the same phase as the  ⁇  stripes ' in la@xmath0sr@xmath1cuo@xmath1 . '
b' we present a semi - automated approach to the task of constructing ontologies .  ⁇ 
b' we study the low energy sector of two - species bosons hopping on a two dimensional square lattice . depending on the tunneling geometry of one of the bosonic species ( referred to as auxiliary particles ) , one obtains different low energy emerging gauge theories for the other particles .  ⁇ n we show that the low energy sector of the remaining bosons can always be characterized by an emergent gauge theory .  ⁇ n more specifically it can be described in terms of collective plaquette degrees of freedom of the original bosons .  ⁇ n these collective plaquette variables can be thought as arising from gauge bosons living on a coarse - grained version of the original lattice .  ⁇ n we also propose and design experimentally feasible ways to quantum simulate them . '
b' _ tycho 6.0 _ is a general , one dimensional ( spherically symmetric ) stellar evolution code , designed for hydrostatic and hydrodynamic stages , using state of the art procedures and microphysics .  ⁇ n it is being developed as an open - source , community code and can run very effectively on linux laptop and desktop computers .  ⁇ n tycho 6.0 s auxiliary programs focus on various aspects of stellar evolution , such as the hertzsprung - russell diagram or the composition and thermodynamics of each evolutionary sequence , but there is no auxiliary program which can investigate the temporal evolution of the star neither during nor after the actual simulation process .  ⁇ n this paper presents an effort to improve the _ tycho 6.0 _ package and extend its capabilities in order to investigate various nuclear astrophysics topics .  ⁇ n the present paper initiates an effort to improve the _ tycho 6.0 _ package and extend its capabilities in order to investigate various nuclear astrophysics topics .  ⁇ n the present paper initiates an effort to
b' we propose a scheme to implement decoherence - free subspace ( dfs ) in a free space .  ⁇ n the scheme is based on the collective noise assumption , which is a precondition for the implementation of dfs .  ⁇ 
b' we study the effects of custodial @xmath0 global symmetry breaking counterterms on the @
b' we present a study of the stellar population in the central parsec of the galaxy .  ⁇ 
b' reviews are invaluable as a source of data to help people form opinions on a wide range of products .  ⁇ n these observations raise two questions of interest to us : ( 1 ) how can we help users navigate massive volumes of consumer opinions in order to find those that are _ relevant _ to their decision ? and ( 2 ) how can we address specific _ queries _ that a user wishes to answer in order to evaluate a product ? to achieve this  ⁇ 
b' we consider the single qubit depolarizing channel parameter estimation problem .  ⁇ n we consider the case where the available initial state of each qubit is mixed .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new approach to the strong field approximation ( sfa ) based on the s - matrix formalism in the velocity gauge .  ⁇ n the sfa is based on the adiabaticity parameter @xmath0 and the adiabaticity parameter @x
b' we consider a multi - hop wireless network with multiple links modeled by a fading channel .  ⁇ n we model the network by tandem queues with variable capacity servers , where each server expresses the random capacity of a fading channel .  ⁇ 
b' we study a model in which the cosmic acceleration is driven by the flow of dark matter from a higher dimension ( the bulk ) into our three - space ( the brane ) .  ⁇ n this model is motivated by the currently popular view that our universe could be a sub - manifold embedded in a higher - dimensional space - time .  ⁇ n we show that the cosmic acceleration is driven by the flow of dark matter from a higher dimension ( the bulk ) into our three - space ( the brane ) .  ⁇ n we also show that the observed cosmic acceleration is a consequence of the localization of the graviton zero mode on the brane .  ⁇ n we also show that the observed cosmic acceleration is a consequence of the renormalization of the scalar field in the brane .  ⁇ n we also show that the scalar field in the brane can be a cosmological constant , and that the scalar field can be a cosmological constant .  ⁇ 
b' we have studied the effect of strain on the electronic and phonon properties of silicene .  ⁇ n we have performed first - principles calculations using density functional theory in the generalized gradient approximation .  ⁇ n the strain is applied up to 20% and the resulting band structure is calculated to evaluate the dependence of the induced doping on the strength of the biaxial tensile strain .  ⁇ n we also calculate the grneisen parameter .  ⁇ 
b' we consider the minimum energy per bit required for reliable communication in the low - power regime when the input signals have limited peakiness .  ⁇ 
b' we consider a uniform , infinite , uniform universe with a spherical hole .  ⁇ n we show that there exists an outward - directed gravitational force acting away from the center of the hole .  ⁇ n this force is referred to as negative gravity .  ⁇ n we solve the newtonian differential equations to discover the expansionary behavior of the hole .  ⁇ n we also show that the schwarzschild solution for negative mass is a flat geometry and reduces to the flat geometry of special relativity for mass density decreasing to zero .  ⁇ n we also show that the schwarzschild solution for negative mass is a flat geometry and reduces to the flat geometry of special relativity for mass density decreasing to zero .  ⁇ n we also show that the cosmological constant is a natural consequence of the hole .  ⁇ n we also discuss the relative abundances of elements throughout the universe , olbers paradox , and other observed phenomena . '
b' we study the influence of disorder on the antiferromagnetic ( af ) phase diagram and the mott gap in correlated antiferromagnets .  ⁇ n we employ the hubbard model in the presence of different types of disorder .  ⁇ n we use a finite temperature determinant quantum monte carlo method to obtain approximation - free results for finite lattices .  ⁇ n we focus on the af phase diagram and the mott gap .  ⁇ n we find that the af phase diagram is dominated by a _  ⁇ n _  ⁇ n _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
b' we present a sample of elliptical and lenticular galaxies that have unusually large molecular gas contents .  ⁇ n the 24 intensity is matched - resolution , and the 24 to 2 flux density ratios are compared to molecular gas , radio continuum , and optical images .  ⁇ n the 24 emission is morphologically similar to that of the co - rich early - type galaxies , but the 24 to 2 flux density ratios are much more pronounced .  ⁇ n the 24 to 2 flux density ratios are consistent with a circumstellar origin , and the far - ir flux density ratios are consistent with a star formation origin .  ⁇ n the 24 to 2 flux density ratios are consistent with a star formation origin , and the far - ir flux density ratios are consistent with a star formation origin .  ⁇ n the 24 to 2 flux density ratios are consistent with a star formation origin , and the far - ir flux density ratios are consistent with a star formation origin 
b' we show that the nonclassical - state nonlocal dispersion cancellation paradigm differs from that of steinberg _  ⁇ n et al . _  ⁇ n [ phys .  ⁇ n rev .  ⁇ n lett . * 84 * , 012305 ( 2004 ) ] in that the former is nonlocal whereas the latter is not .  ⁇ n we show that the key feature of nonclassical - state nonlocal dispersion cancellation that is not reproduced by this classical counterpart is the high - contrast nature of the photocurrent cross - correlation pattern .  ⁇ n this result is in keeping with what we have previously established for the steinberg _  ⁇ n et al . _  ⁇ n experiment and for a similar comparison between classical - state and nonclassical - state ghost imaging . '
b' we propose a polar coding scheme for the general wiretap channel .  ⁇ n the polar coding scheme is based on the subset property .  ⁇ n the subset property is artificially constructed for the non - degraded wiretap channel .  ⁇ n the subset property is then applied to the general wiretap channel .  ⁇ n the secrecy capacity achieving input distribution is not necessarily a uniform distribution .  ⁇ n the secrecy capacity achieving input distribution is not necessarily a uniform distribution .  ⁇ n the secrecy capacity achieving input distribution is not necessarily a uniform distribution .  ⁇ n the secrecy capacity achieving input distribution is not necessarily a uniform distribution .  ⁇ n the secrecy capacity achieving input distribution is not necessarily a uniform distribution .  ⁇ n the secrecy capacity achieving input distribution is not necessarily a uniform distribution .  ⁇ n the secrecy capacity achieving input distribution is not necessarily a uniform distribution .  ⁇ n the secrecy capacity achieving input distribution is not necessarily a uniform
b' we study the cosmological evolution of a flat - constant - cosmological model with a time - variable cosmological constant .  ⁇ n we find that the cosmological constant is a function of the cosmological constant , @xmath0 , and the cosmological constant .  ⁇ n we find that the cosmological constant is a function of @xmath0 , and that the cosmological constant is a function of @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we also find that the cosmological constant is a function of @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we find that the cosmological constant is a function of @xmath0 , and that the cosmological constant is a function of @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we also find that the cosmological constant is a function of @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we also find that the cosmological constant is a function of @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we also find that the cosmological constant is a function of @xmath0 .
b' we investigate the possibility of successful leptogenesis in the framework of adjoint @xmath0 theory .  ⁇ n we show that the leptogenesis mechanism is a viable mechanism for the neutrino masses .  ⁇ n we also show that the leptogenesis mechanism can be realized in the framework of adjoint @xmath0 theory .  ⁇ 
b' we present a simple , efficient method for approximating the slow manifold of a dissipative evolutionary equation .  ⁇ n our method is based on the assumption that , given a basis for the full set of variables in the problem , a subset of this basis can be used to parameterize the slow manifold and our approximation of it .  ⁇ n we illustrate the method with a simple example of a dissipative pde . '
b' we study the concurrence of entanglement between two single - level quantum dots tunnel - coupled to majorana bound states ( mbss ) .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new algorithm for solving the polynomial eigenvalue problem .  ⁇ 
b' we develop an exact expression for the speed of falling dominoes .  ⁇ n the result can be cast as a particular form of the scaling function arising from a particular set of assumptions .  ⁇ n the result can be cast as a particular form of the scaling function arising from a particular set of assumptions .  ⁇ n the proof is based on a simple model of a cylinder with a point mass .  ⁇ n the results are illustrated with a simple example . '
"b"" we study the effect of coulomb effects on the one - photon absorption spectrum of a biased semiconductor double well .  ⁇ n we show that the coulomb effect is a significant factor in the absorption spectrum , and that it is a significant factor in the absorption spectrum .  ⁇ n we also show that the absorption spectrum is sensitive to the relative phase of the two colors .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the diffusive scaling limit of tagged particle motion in the one - dimensional rayleigh - gas .  ⁇ n we prove that the dynamics of the system converges to the dynamics of the one - dimensional gas of particles with calogero - moser - sutherland - type repulsive potential .  ⁇ n our results reproduce very accurately the numerical value of the limiting variance of tagged particle in the rayleigh - gas , in the @xmath0 limit . '
b' restricted boltzmann machines ( rbms ) are a popular model of choice for unsupervised features for use in deep feed - forward architectures as well as for modeling complex , high - dimensional distributions .  ⁇ n their direct learning through maximum likelihood remains problematic .  ⁇ n the maximum likelihood gradient with respect to the parameters of the model is trivial to calculate and is referred to as the positive phase .  ⁇ n many learning algorithms have been proposed in the literature to address this issue : contrastive divergence ( cd ) replaces the expectation with a finite set of negative samples , which are obtained by running a short markov chain initialized at positive training examples .  ⁇ n stochastic maximum likelihood ( sml ) on the other hand , relies on gibbs sampling to extract negative samples .  ⁇ n second , to guarantee convergence , the learning rate must be annealed throughout learning in order to offset the loss of ergodicity incurred by the markov chain due to parameter updates .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new method for calculating the quantum electrodynamical cross section for compton scattering at the cyclotron resonance .  ⁇ n the method is based on the johnson & lippman wavefunctions , and is applicable to any arbitrary magnetic field .  ⁇ n the method is applied to the gamma - ray spectra of soft gamma - ray repeaters and anomalous x - ray pulsars .  ⁇ n the method is applied to the gamma - ray spectra of the soft gamma - ray repeaters and anomalous x - ray pulsars .  ⁇ n the method is applied to the gamma - ray spectra of the soft gamma - ray repeaters and anomalous x - ray pulsars .  ⁇ n the method is applied to the gamma - ray spectra of the soft gamma - ray repeaters and anomalous x - 
b' we study the feshbach resonance in a two - channel model .  ⁇ n the atomic and molecular fields are coupled by a magnetic field .  ⁇ 
b' floating electrons in a nanodiamond are discussed .  ⁇ n it is shown that unpaired electrons exhibited in described experiments belong to surface states of a 5 nm diamond ball .  ⁇ n surface localization of electronic density agrees with the peels scan of a single nanodiamond .  ⁇ n this explains spikes ( two oppositely charged layers ) which depend on the size of detonation nanodiamonds .  ⁇ n this explains spikes ( two oppositely charged layers ) which depend on the size of detonation nanodiamonds . '
b' a fluid dynamical model of nuclear matter is used to study the entropy development of the quark - gluon plasma ( qgp ) in au + au collisions at @xmath0 a@
b' we present a variational monte carlo study of the ground state properties of a molecular para - hydrogen ( p - h@
b' we present a detailed analysis of the host galaxy of grb 060505 , based on a sample of 74 grbs observed with the swift burst alert telescope .  ⁇ n we find that the host galaxy of grb 060505 is a spiral galaxy , with a sbc - type morphology .  ⁇ n the host galaxy is a sbc - type sbc - type sbc - type sbc - type sbc - type sbc - type sbc - type sbc - type sbc - type sbc - type sbc - type sbc - type sbc - type sbc - type sbc - type sbc - type sbc - type sbc - type sbc - type sbc - type sbc - type sbc - type sbc - type sb
b' we investigate the form of the density spectrum of the interstellar medium ( ism ) .  ⁇ n we use a simple power - law model for the density spectrum and a simple kolmogorov power - law model for the distribution of the scattering material along the line of sight .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the properties of globular clusters ( gcs ) in the bulge .  ⁇ n we present a sample of gcs in the bulge , based on a sample of 157 gcs .  ⁇ 
b' we present a method for calculation of gamma - radiation spectra , based on a single electromagnetic calorimeter .  ⁇ n the method is based on the calculation of the total energy deposited by all the gamma - quanta per event of electron passage through the radiator .  ⁇ n the method is based on the kinetic equations for sequential photon and @xmath0 pair creation , allowing for energy redistribution at each branching .  ⁇ n the method is applied to a gamma - quanta source , where the spectrum of the hard photons is measured .  ⁇ n the method is applied to a gamma - quanta source , where the spectrum of the hard photons is measured .  ⁇ 
b' we study thermal monopoles in @xmath0 yang - mills theory at high temperatures .  ⁇ n we show that the density of thermal monopoles in the minkowski space is given by the average of the absolute value of the monopole wrapping number .  ⁇ n we also study the monopole - antimonopole correlation functions .  ⁇ n we find that the density of thermal monopoles is independent of the lattice spacing .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the collapsar scenario of long gamma - ray bursts ( grbs ) .  ⁇ n we show that a jet is launched by blandford - payne effect .  ⁇ n we also investigate the effect of a polytrope density profile for a massive star model .  ⁇ n we find that a jet is launched by blandford - payne effect .  ⁇ 
b' i present the results of a _ xmm - newton _ observation of the bl lac object mrk 421 .  ⁇ n i present strong evidence for an ovii k@xmath0 absorption line at @xmath1 at @xmath2 .  ⁇ 
b' compressed sensing ( cs ) aims at recovering high dimensional sparse vectors from considerably fewer linear measurements .  ⁇ n the problem of sparse recovery through @xmath0 norm minimization is not tractable .  ⁇ n e. candes , d. donoho , and e. candes have made pioneering contributions reposing the problem as a simple linear programming problem ( lpp ) .  ⁇ n they have then established the conditions that ensure the stated equivalence between the original @xmath1 problem and its reposed version .  ⁇ n the deterministic construction of cs matrices has gained momentum in recent literature .  ⁇ n amini et .  ⁇ n al .  ⁇ n @xcite , r. devore @xcite , p. indyk @xcite and s. li et .  ⁇ n @xcite have constructed deterministic binary sensing matrices using ideas from algebra and graph theory .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new , high - resolution , spectroscopic survey of the m31 dwarf spheroidals .  ⁇ n we have obtained a sample of 58 m31 dwarf spheroidals with a median redshift of @xmath0 .  ⁇ 
b' we present a 3-tape weighted finite - state machine ( 3-wfsm ) for the automatic extraction of acronyms and their meaning from corpora .  ⁇ n the 3-wfsm is based on a simple regular expression , and can be automatically generated from a simple regular expression .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the josephson dynamics of a dilute bose - einstein condensate in a double - well potential .  ⁇ n we show that in the vicinity of a level crossing the non - linearity leads to triangular structures in the eigenenergy curves .  ⁇ n we also review the two - state model , and show that as long as the influence of higher - lying states is small , the level structure can be reproduced using three parameters determined by numerical solution of the time - independent gross - pitaevskii equation .  ⁇ n finally , we analyse the transition between dc and ac tunnelling in terms of transitions between eigenstates . '
b' we study the polarized emc effect in the nambu jona - lasinio model .  ⁇ n we show that the polarized emc effect can be explained if one takes into account the response of the quark wave function to the nuclear mean fields , that is , to the nuclear mean fields .  ⁇ n we also discuss extensions to describe transversity distributions and fragmentation functions . '
b' we present the self - energies of the @xmath0 and @xmath1 mesons in a heat bath .  ⁇ n the low energy region is described in terms of resonances plus background , while at high energies a regge model is employed .  ⁇ n the real and imaginary parts of our amplitudes approximately satisfy the dispersion relation which follows from the analytic properties of the amplitude .  ⁇ n we use the leading term of the exact self - energy expansion which requires that the densities be sufficiently small that only single scatterings are important .  ⁇ n we compare results from the ultra - relativistic quantum molecular dynamics model with results from the urqmd model . '
b' we study the metapopulation dynamics of the susceptible - infected - susceptible model on heterogeneous metapopulation networks .  ⁇ n we consider a simple strategy , @xmath0 , where @xmath1 denotes the node degree and @xmath2 is an adjustable parameter .  ⁇ n we find that @xmath0 bypasses a clear - cut maximum at a certain @xmath3 , which corresponds to an optimal strategy to suppress epidemic explosion .  ⁇ n this observation along with the value of @xmath4 is robust to the change of the network size and the average network degree .  ⁇ n we also perform a mean field analysis , wherein @xmath6 is identified as the onset point where the global healthy state with no infected individuals loses stability .  ⁇ n the mean field equations successfully reproduce the @xmath7 dependences , and also provide more insights regarding the routes to epidemic explosion for different values of @xmath2 . '
b' we review the current status of the field of random partial differential equations .  ⁇ n we focus on the case of a scalar - valued elliptic , linear , non degenerate , in divergence form .  ⁇ 
b' the existence of shadow orbits for the gravitational 3-body problem is discussed .  ⁇ n a refinement procedure which makes corrections to numerical orbits to reduce the errors incurred at each time step is presented .  ⁇ n the sitnikov problem is then used as a simple model to discuss escape and capture of orbits .  ⁇ n an approximate poincar map is then presented to model orbits of the sitnikov problem and is used in conjunction with the refinement procedure to discuss the validity of numerical solutions by way of shadowing .  ⁇ n regions of phase - space where the refinement procedure fails to find shadow orbits will be delineated .  ⁇ n finally , it is demonstrated that the shadow times for this problem can be modeled as a poisson process . '
b' the structural properties of polycrystalline samples of neutrium titanate ( eutio@
b' we report the optical observations of the optical transient associated with grb 010222 , made using the recently installed 2-m telescope at the indian astronomical observatory .  ⁇ n the optical spectrum of the transient shows several absorption line systems superimposed on a power - law continuum .  ⁇ n the absorption line systems consisted of red - shifted doublets of fe ii ( 2585 , 2599 ) , mg ii ( 2796 , 2803 ) and a host of other lines .  ⁇ n the equivalent widths of these lines are very large , especially at @xmath0 day after the burst .  ⁇ n the @xmath1 band ccd photometry from the indian astronomical observatory ( iao ) and the vainu bappu observatory ( vbo ) were carried out using the optical ccd imager on the recently installed 2-m telescope .  ⁇ n the ccd photometry from iao was carried out using the optical cc
b' we briefly outline the status of the search and followup of grb optical and near - infrared counterparts at eso since the beginning of the _ bepposax _ afterglow era .  ⁇ n we discuss the status of the italian - dutch collaboration in the search and followup of grb optical and near - infrared counterparts .  ⁇ n we also discuss the status of the eso project , a joint eso proposal for a large programme of grb follow - up . '
b' we present _ rosat _ and _ asca _ observations of the supernova remnant g347.3@xmath00.5 .  ⁇ n the remnant is a bright snr , with a prominent limb - brightened x - ray emission .  ⁇ n the x - ray spectrum is featureless , extends to high energies , and is well described by a power law .  ⁇ n the x - ray spectrum is featureless , extends to high energie
b' the relation between the current and the oscillation frequency of the torque oscillator consisting of the perpendicularly magnetized free layer and the in - plane magnetized pinned layer is derived .  ⁇ n the analytical solution of the landau - lifshitz - gilbert equation shows that the oscillation frequency monotonically decreases with increasing the current by keeping the magnetization in one hemisphere of the free layer .  ⁇ n the validity of the analytical solution was confirmed by numerical simulations .  ⁇ n the field - like torque breaks the energy balance , and change the oscillation frequency .  ⁇ n the shift direction of the frequency , high or low , is determined by the sign of the field - like torque . '
b' we present a quantization of the surface observable of the gravitational field .  ⁇ n the quantization is carried out in the context of canonical quantum gravity in the real new variables .  ⁇ n the quantization reduces to the quasilocal energy of brown and york , to the arnowitt - deser - misner mass in asymptopia , and to the misner - sharp mass in spherical symmetry .  ⁇ n the quantization is carried out in the context of spin - net gravity in the real new variables or , succinctly ,  ⁇  spin - net gravity .  ⁇ n the quantization is carried out in the context of canonical quantum gravity in the real new variables or , succinctly ,  ⁇  spin - net gravity '
b' swimming is the motion of deformable bodies that can apply internal forces that would result in swimming , much like a cat turning in euclidean space while maintaining zero angular momentum .  ⁇ n this piece of high school physics fails for curved space .  ⁇ 
b' pulsar astronomy will benefit from the ska simply because of the shear number of sources that will be discovered and studied .  ⁇ n i review the major aspects of the science case for pulsars which is also outlined in the report of the _ radio transient , stellar end products , and seti _ working group .  ⁇ n a more detailed account of the opportunities provided by the ska will be presented in the forthcoming new ska science case . '
b' we consider cardinal interpolation of data given at the integer lattice , @xmath0 , and a general multiquadric , @xmath1 .  ⁇ 
b' the sliding susceptibility of a rough metallic cylinder placed on a rough inclined surface submitted to small controlled perturbations is introduced and examined .  ⁇ n the number of perturbations on the incline that give origin to a certain number of sliding events of the cylinder is counted .  ⁇ n the total number of sliding events in our experiments exceeded the critical number of sliding events .  ⁇ n the scaling symmetry of the sliding susceptibility is investigated in a number of physical situations .  ⁇ n it is found that the sliding susceptibility presents scaling symmetry in a number of situations .  ⁇ n the origin of this scaling symmetry is investigated . '
b' 4.5 mm the concept of solitons is introduced .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the impact of band - specific mass renormalization on the superconducting instability in @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we show that the band - specific mass renormalization can be significantly larger in the quasi-2d band than in the quasi-1d band .  ⁇ 
b' a systematic and comprehensive survey of gamma - ray data from proposal cycles 1 - 4 was carried out .  ⁇ n the standard method of maximum likelihood , maximum likelihood , was applied to short - duration ( one - day and two - day ) maps of gamma - ray intensity .  ⁇ n monte carlo simulations were performed to determine the probability of such fluctuations assuming intrinsically nonvariable sources .  ⁇ n six catalog sources were found to exhibit variability on one- and two - day time scales : four are unidentified , one is a flat - spectrum radio quasars ( fsrq ) , and one is a bl lac object .  ⁇ n in addition , two transient non - catalog excesse
b' we study the self - organized criticality ( soc ) of a one dimensional pile of rice and a one dimensional pile of steel balls .  ⁇ n we show that the soc model can be mapped to the kardar - parisi - zhang ( kpz ) equation , which is solved exactly for white noise .  ⁇ 
b' we show that the quadratic gravitational lagrangian , when formulated in a form which includes both the metric and the torsion as dynamical variables , will shed some light on the aforementioned problems .  ⁇ n we will then show , with proper interpretations , that those solutions from a spherically symmetric source can explain the galactic rotations , and the amount of intergalactic gravitational lensings .  ⁇ n we then show that the universe can accommodate acceleration during its expansion if a primordial torsion evolves together with an expanding metric .  ⁇ n the family problem can also be explained as an effect of the various metrics on the energy contents of their generating sources . '
b' we present and discuss the results of point - contact spectroscopy measurements in polycrystalline rusr@xmath0gdcu@xmath0o@xmath1 previously characterized by sem and optical microscopy , ac susceptibility and resistivity measurements .  ⁇ n we show that the order - parameter symmetry that best fits the experimental conductance curves is @xmath2-wave .  ⁇ 
b' in this paper , we consider the problem of network computation in a directed acyclic network with multiple sources , multiple sinks and each sink demanding a function of source messages .  ⁇ n we show that if a network admits a scalar linear solution , then it admits a scalar linear solution .  ⁇ n we also show that if a network admits a scalar linear solution , then it admits a scalar linear solution .  ⁇ n we also show that if a network admits a scalar linear solution , then it admits a scalar linear solution .  ⁇ n we also show that if a network admits a scalar linear solution , then it admits a scalar linear solution .  ⁇ n we also show that if a network admits a scalar linear solution , then it admits a scalar linear solution .  ⁇ n we also show that if a network admits a scalar linear
b' we propose a parametrisation of the couplings between the electroweak gauge bosons @xmath0 and @
b' we present a theoretical study of the exclusive diffractive deeply virtual compton scattering ( dvcs ) process .  ⁇ n we consider the dvcs process in the forward limit and the corresponding generalised parton distributions ( gpds ) .  ⁇ n we show that the gpds are a good tool for describing the dvcs process .  ⁇ 
b' we present a stochastic sequential adsorption model for ionic nanoparticles deposited by alternately dipping a colloidal suspension onto a glass substrate .  ⁇ n the model is validated by comparing the steady state coverage density of the glass substrate to the experimental data and to monte carlo computer simulations .  ⁇ n the model is validated by comparing the analytical results to the experimental data and to monte carlo simulations . '
b' we study the performance of medium access control ( aloha ) in a large random and heterogeneous network .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed analysis of the gamma - ray spectrum of a sample of gamma - ray bursts ( grbs ) .  ⁇ n we have used the gamma - ray spectral index ( s ) of the grbs to derive the s - matrix .  ⁇ n we have also analyzed the s - matrix s - matrix s - matrix s - matrix s - matrix s - matrix s - matrix s - matrix s - matrix s - matrix s - matrix s - matrix s - matrix s - matrix s - matrix s - matrix s - matrix s - matrix s - matrix s - matrix s - matrix s - matrix s - matrix s - matrix s - matrix s - matrix s - matrix s - matrix s - matrix s - matrix s - matrix s - matrix
b' we compare the recent calculation of the parity - non - conserving asymmetry in radiative neutron - proton capture at low energy with the recent one based on an effective field theory .  ⁇ n we show that the expression obtained in the new approach at the leading order identifies to a standard potential based on the pion - exchange force .  ⁇ n we also discuss the points that are sources of discrepancy between the new calculation and earlier ones .  ⁇ 
b' we present a dynamical model for the landau - pomeranchuk - migdal ( lpm ) interference effect , which accounts for the finite extension of the target , the multiple elastic scatterings in the target , the multiple elastic scatterings in the target , and the transition radiation .  ⁇ n the model is based on a two - dimensional fokker - planck equation for the hard parton .  ⁇ 
b' we study the swimming of a large passive head propelled by a flagellum or tail .  ⁇ n the tail is composed of little spheres which can move relative to each other and push or pull the head .  ⁇ n the head is taken to be a sphere of large radius .  ⁇ n the head is a passive passive object , whereas the tail is a passive object .  ⁇ n the swimming is a second order effect due to longitudinal or transverse waves propagating along the tail which couple to motion along the axis via the nonlinearity of hydrodynamic interactions .  ⁇ n the bilinear theory of swimming is employed .  ⁇ n the results of the bilinear theory are compared with a numerical solution of the equations of motion for the longitudinal model of three little spheres and a big one .  ⁇ n the calculations show that estimates of the swimming speed based on stokes law and so - called resistive force theory do not take proper account of hydrodynamic interactions and lead to an incorrect dependence of the swimming speed on the radius of the big sphere . '
b' we consider the exact static superposition of a schwarzschild black hole and a thin disk in presence of a magnetic field .  ⁇ n the method used to include the magnetic field is the complex potential formalism proposed by ernst .  ⁇ n we derive for circular orbits the stability conditions of the particles of two pressureless streams of counterrotating charged particles ( counterrotating model ) moving along electrogeodesic .  ⁇ 
b' we study the evolution of altruism in a public goods game .  ⁇ 
b' we present the status of our project of parallelization of form .  ⁇ n the main goal of parallelization is to reduce the user s waiting time .  ⁇ n the main goal of parallelization is to reduce the wall - clock time .  ⁇ n the main goal of parallelization is to reduce the wall - clock time .  ⁇ n the main goal of parallelization is to reduce the user s waiting time .  ⁇ n the main goal of parallelization is to reduce the wall - clock time .  ⁇ n the result is called parform . '
b' we present a systematic study of the band structure of a crystal based on the wannier orbitals .  ⁇ n we use a local hamiltonian approach to derive the wannier orbitals and the kohn - sham orbitals .  ⁇ n we show that the wannier orbitals are a special case of the outer valence green s functions .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the structure of the magnetic field lines twisted by a rotating black hole .  ⁇ n we assume that the black hole is resting in a highly curved spacetime .  ⁇ n we show that the magnetic pressure dominates the region of the ergosphere and has its origin in currents flowing farther out .  ⁇ n we show that the magnetic pressure can be induced by the black hole rotation .  ⁇ 
b' we show that the wmap data , the cosmic ray data , and the wmap data provide a very restrictive constraint on the parameter space of the minimal supersymmetric standard model .  ⁇ n we show that the wmap data , the cosmic ray data , and the wmap data provide a very restrictive constraint on the neutralino mass .  ⁇ n we show that the wmap data provide a very restrictive constraint on the parameter space of the mssm .  ⁇ n we also show that the cross - section of the chargino production given by the weak processes is unexpectedly high and approaches that for the strong processes of squark and gluino production .  ⁇ n this might serve as a signature for supersymmetry in the future lhc experiments . '
b' we report rapid optical photometry of the low - mass x - ray binary uw crb .  ⁇ n the source was observed over several nights from 2004 april 1626 using the argos fast ccd camera on the 6.5 m w.m .  ⁇ n keck telescope .  ⁇ n the x - ray lightcurve was dominated by a strong x - ray flare , and the optical lightcurve was dominated by a bright , reprocessed x - ray emission .  ⁇ n the x - ray emission was reprocessed by a reprocessed x - ray emission , and the optical lightcurve was dominated by a bright , reprocessed x - ray emission .  ⁇ n the x - ray emission was reprocessed by a reprocessed x - ray emission , and the reprocessed x - ray emission was reprocesse
b' we present a detailed analysis of the eclipsing binary qs vir , a white dwarf m dwarf eclipsing binary with a period of @
b' we investigate the problem of teleporting via nonmaximally entangled states with schmidt rank .  ⁇ n we propose an optimal protocol for perfect conclusive teleportation , which is optimal for a quantum channel with maximal schmidt rank .  ⁇ n we show that the optimal teleportation fidelity is the maximum achievable for the shared quantum channel .  ⁇ n this is relevant for a scenario where it is sufficient for alice and bob to teleport with a fidelity above some threshold and it is larger than the optimal one achieved deterministically by the standard protocol .  ⁇ n we also show that the optimal teleportation fidelity is also the maximum achievable for their shared quantum channel . '
b' the axion is a new goldstone boson which arises in the context of qcd .  ⁇ n the peccei - quinn solution to the strong cp problem is solved .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the atomic structure of the @xmath0 structure of the nonreconstructed sapphire surface .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of pulse - wise gamma - ray burst ( grb ) correlation study .  ⁇ n we use a pulse model which describes a pulse simultaneously in energy and time domain .  ⁇ n we apply this model to grb 090618 and generate the individual pulses .  ⁇ n we find that the pulse width and spectral lag are in good agreement with the data .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the thermodynamic properties of a one - dimensional system , a single level attached to the end of a luttinger liquid .  ⁇ n we include short - range interactions between the charge of the level and the charges in its neighborhood in the wire .  ⁇ n we show that while thermodynamic properties are universal , dynamic properties are sensitive to the specific physics of the different interactions .  ⁇ n we construct different systems , some luttinger liquids and some not , which are tested numerically to have the same dependence of the population on the level energy , although their level density of states ( of which the population is an integral ) are very different . '
b' we present new high - quality photometric and spectroscopic observations of the eclipsing binary star lv her .  ⁇ n the photometric and spectroscopic data are analyzed with the ursa telescope at kimpel observatory and the nfo robotic telescope at silver city , nm .  ⁇ n the photometric and spectroscopic data yield masses and radii on a par with the best determinations for eclipsing binaries to date .  ⁇ n the high eccentricity and long period of lv her make it an interesting case for comparison with tidal theory .  ⁇ n the high eccentricity and long period of lv her make it an interesting case for comparison with tidal theory .  ⁇ n the high eccentricity and long period of lv her make it an interesting case for comparison with tidal theory .  ⁇ n the high eccentricity and long period of lv her make it an interesting case for comparison with tidal theory .  ⁇ 
b' we present a path integral monte carlo study of the dynamics of a quantum open system interacting with a heat bath .  ⁇ n we show that the time convolution - less ( tcl ) master equation can be used to calculate the nonlinear response functions of the system operator involved in the optical multidimensional spectrum .  ⁇ n we also show that the tcl equation can be used to calculate the nonlinear response functions of the system operator involved in the optical multidimensional spectrum .  ⁇ n we also show that the tcl equation can be used to calculate the nonlinear response functions of the system operator involved in the optical multidimensional spectrum .  ⁇ n we also show that the tcl equation can be used to calculate the nonlinear response functions of the system operator involved in the optical multidimensional spectrum . '
b' we study the collective electronic excitations of ultracold atoms in a one dimensional optical lattice .  ⁇ n the atoms are confined in a one dimensional lattice parallel to the optical fiber .  ⁇ 
b' we give a theoretical description of the measurements of length by inertial observers undergoing translational and rotational accelerations .  ⁇ 
b' we consider the discrete memoryless cognitive interference channel ( dm - cic ) .  ⁇ n we first introduce the notion of _ less noisy _ dm - cic and show that there are two different less noisy cognitive channels : the _ primary - less - noisy _ and _ cognitive - less - noisy _ dm - cic .  ⁇ n in the former , the primary receiver is less noisy than the secondary receiver , whereas it is the opposite in the latter .  ⁇ n afterward , we propose two inner bounds for the dm - cic ; one based on superposition coding , and another one using independent coding .  ⁇ n these inner bounds are also valid for less noisy dm - cic .  ⁇ n finally , we prove that for the cognitive - less - noisy dm - cic the inner and outer bounds coincide , and thus we establish the capacity region for this class of dm - cic .  ⁇ n this proves that superposition coding
b' we present a detailed study of a radio quiet ly@xmath0 blob that contains two compact extremely red objects ( eros ) .  ⁇ 
b' we define a coloured quiver of a tilting object in an @xmath0-cluster category .  ⁇ n we show that the coloured quiver of the tilting object is compatible with mutation of the tilting object .  ⁇ n we also give a combinatorial description of mutation in @xmath0-cluster categories . '
b' the decision to refinance mortgages is often undermined , and unfortunately , misunderstood by many homeowners .  ⁇ n in particular , one overlooked consideration is the closing costs associated with refinancing .  ⁇ n modern real estate finance has developed an intuition for the decision , and subjects it to several factors , including : magnitude of closing costs , change in mortgage rate , borrowing costs , and the remaining time of the mortgage .  ⁇ n interestingly enough , a decrease in mortgage rate or borrowing costs should not always be entertained with the decision to refinance .  ⁇ n we develop a synthetic mortgage calculator with two main features .  ⁇ n the first feature is very simple , and conveys to the homeowner the monthly payments associated with a traditional mortgage .  ⁇ n the second feature , however , provides the proportions of the mortgage that are allocated towards the interest and principal payments .  ⁇ n upon completion of this mortgage calculator , we will extend its features , and simulate scenarios of refinancing .  ⁇ n we will see that the initial costs are eventually overtaken by
b' we study the effect of qcd corrections on the nutev measurement of the @xmath0 interaction .  ⁇ n we show that the nutev measurement is a powerful tool to constrain the nsi parameters .  ⁇ n we also discuss the implications of including these corrections in the nutev analysis . ' mississajous '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '
b' we have recently presented a case - by - case analysis of the positional correlation between unidentified egret sources and supernova remnants ( snrs ) .  ⁇ n we have identified the most plausible candidates for an egret snr connection , and have analyzed , among other things , the variability status of the egret sources and the potential contribution from known radio pulsars to the high energy flux .  ⁇ n we find that most egret sources in positional coincidence with snrs , and certainly those which represent the best cases for a physical association , are non - variable .  ⁇ n we have found that most egret sources in positional coincidence with snrs , and certainly those which represent the best cases for a physical association , are non - variable .  ⁇ n we have identified several interesting candidates for an egret snr connection , mostly with young pulsars pertaining to the recently released parkes multibeam survey .  ⁇ n these are mostly found
b' we present a realistic calculation of the @xmath0rb+@xmath0rb @xmath0rb@xmath1 photoassociation .  ⁇ n the photoassociation process is based on the adiabatic passage of a thermal ensemble of atoms with resonantly enhanced anti - stokes raman pulses .  ⁇ n the photoassociation yield is found to be @xmath2 times larger than the coherence time of the thermal ensemble .  ⁇ n the photoassociation yield is found to be @xmath3 times larger than the coherence time of the thermal ensemble .  ⁇ 
b' we present a large set of speckle - interferometry observations of fast binary stars at the 4.1-m southern astrophysical research telescope ( soar ) .  ⁇ n the emphasis is placed on close and nearby pairs resolvable with periods of years rather than decades or centuries .  ⁇ n the orbits of these fast binaries can be computed or improved only after a few years of speckle - interferometry monitoring .  ⁇ n we also present a characterization of multiplicity of solar - type stars within 67pc ( the fg-67 sample ) .  ⁇ n we find that subsystems in the secondary components are as frequent as in the main components .  ⁇ n we also present a subset of _ hipparcos _ binaries within 200pc with southern declinations , so far largely neglected .  ⁇ n these observations allow us to evaluate orbital motion and to find a subset of  ⁇  fast movers '' for further monitoring .  ⁇ n some of them moved substantially in 6 years , and may yield first orbit
b' we present a model for the exudation of sap in a deciduous tree .  ⁇ n the model is based on a simple model of a tree whose leaves are tapped and whose osmotic pressure is generated by the difference in sugar concentration across the semi - permeable structures that separate cells in the tree .  ⁇ n we show that the model can account for the observed pressure changes in the sap xylem , and that the model can account for the observed pressure changes in the xylem .  ⁇ n we also show that the model can account for the observed pressure changes in the xylem .  ⁇ n we also show that the model can account for the observed pressure changes in the xylem .  ⁇ n we also show that the model can account for the observed pressure changes in the xylem . '
b' we present a detailed study of the gas - dynamical processes that drive the galaxy s motion through the intracluster gas ( icm ) .  ⁇ n we use a spectroscopic sample of a sample of 92 galaxies in the sloan digital sky survey ( sdss ) to study the gas - dynamical properties of the galaxy s icm .  ⁇ 
b' we study the effects of nonzero shear viscosity relaxation time on the propagation of linear and nonlinear waves in relativistic fluids .  ⁇ n we show how to obtain the linear wave equation which contains the dissipative and relaxation terms .  ⁇ n this wave equation provides a dispersion relation that allows for the study of the stability and causality properties of the theory .  ⁇ n we then expand the modes of the dispersion relation in powers of the wavenumber to investigate the effects of a nonzero relaxation time coefficient .  ⁇ n we show that the relaxation effects in the linear modes proved to be a useful guide to approach the same question in the case of nonlinear perturbations .  ⁇ n we also investigate the effects of a nonzero relaxation time coefficient on the propagation of linear and nonlinear waves . '
b' we have analyzed anomalous wtb couplings via single top quark production in @xmath0 collision at the lhc .  ⁇ n we employ the equivalent photon approximation for elastic photon emission from one of the incoming protons and the emitted photon can collide with the other proton and produce a final state of @x
b' we present the results of a _  ⁇ 
b' esiste un interessante sito web curato da g.j.woeginger che raccoglie oltre un centinaio di contributi di autori che asseriscono di risolvere _ in un senso o nellaltro _ ( ! ) .  ⁇ n come noto questo uno dei cosiddetti problemi del millennio : non ci si si aspetta che ammetta una soluzione semplice e verificarne la correttezza pu essere difficile e dispendioso .  ⁇ n a _ dimostrare automatic _  ⁇ n consists in a _  ⁇ n _  ⁇ n dimostrazione non un problema decidibile , a _ localmente _ , che non siano stato delle verification .  ⁇ n a _  ⁇ n ricerca _ 
b' we study the quantitative properties of cultural traits , i.e. , the transmission of cultural traits from ancestors to their descendants , and their influence on the relationships within human groups .  ⁇ n we show that the distribution of the number of subtaxa within a taxa displays scaling properties , quantitatively similar to those found in biological taxonomy .  ⁇ 
b' we study the effect of a uniform electric field on the dynamics of a gaussian wave packet in a two - dimensional anderson model with diagonal long - range correlated disorder .  ⁇ n we find clear signatures of bloch - like oscillations of the wave packet between the two mobility edges of the phase of delocalized states .  ⁇ n the amplitude of the oscillatory motion is proportional to the width of the delocalized phase .  ⁇ n we also discuss the role of the electric field on the bloch oscillations . '
b' we discuss the possibility of a third degenerate regime in the universe : dirac neutrino matter consisting primarily of big bang relic neutrinos that have condensed from the primordial neutrinos and anti - neutrinos of the big bang itself .  ⁇ n we derive an equation of state for dirac neutrino matter that does not lead to the lane - emden equation .  ⁇ n we show that a galaxy near the center of condensed neutrino matter undergoes simple harmonic motion ( shm ) .  ⁇ n this spatial separation of galactic mass centroids with degenerate neutrino object mass centroids can lead to asymmetric galactic rotation velocity profiles .  ⁇ n we show how this works using hickson 88a as the classic example .  ⁇ n finally , we comment on the expected tidal forces that will arise for galaxies embedded within these neutrino objects . '
b' we consider the @xmath0 color singlet states in the large @xmath1 limit of qcd , and study their properties in the case that they have positive parity .  ⁇ n we consider the @xmath2 limit , where @xmath3 is the number of colors , and the @xmath4 limit , where @xmath5 is the number of colors .  ⁇ n we find that the @xmath6 expansion is a very useful tool to study the properties of the pentaquarks .  ⁇ n we also study the @xmath7 and @xmath8 states , and find that they are a good candidates for the @xmath9 pentaquark .  ⁇ n we also study the @xmath10 and @xmath11 states , and find that they are very stable .  ⁇ n we also study the @xmath12 and @xmath13 states , and find that they are very stable .  ⁇ 
b' we construct a homology theory for graphs with the two properties that a given graph polynomial arises as the euler characteristic of the homology , and that the khovanov homology of a link can be recovered from the graph homology of an associated graph , or the graph homology can be recovered from the khovanov homology of an associated link .  ⁇ n we refer to this type of relation as a  ⁇  thistlethwaite - type relation '' .  ⁇ n we also consider the bollobs - riordan polynomial of a plane graph .  ⁇ n we show that this type of relation is a generalization of the tutte polynomial of a plane graph .  ⁇ n we also show that the khovanov homology of a link can be recovered from the graph homology of an associated link .  ⁇ n this is a generalization of the jones polynomial of a link . '
b' we propose a synthetic quantum coherent heat engine based on a quantum otto cycle .  ⁇ n the engine is modeled as a rabi model , where a large number of spins , acting like quantum huygen s clocks , are homogeneously coupled to a central spin .  ⁇ n the imperceptible movements of the beam , acting like a conductor of an orchestra , build coherence between the clocks .  ⁇ n the interplay of coherence and quantum correlations yields maximum work and efficiency .  ⁇ n we find that there is a critical interaction at which the interplay of coherence and quantum correlations yields maximum work and efficiency .  ⁇ n the critical value of coherence is found to be available in the ultra strong interaction regime , where coupling is comparable to excitation energy .  ⁇ n this regime complies with the rabi model description and experimentally available in superconducting circuit quantum electrodynamics . '
b' the tunka eas - top array has been used to obtain the absolute energy calibration .  ⁇ n the new fitting function for the lateral distribution of eas cerenkov light , derived from corsika code simulation , has been applied to tunka data .  ⁇ n the results of the absolute energy calibration are compared with the results obtained with the quest experiment .  ⁇ n the results of the absolute energy calibration are compared with the kascade data at the energy of the knee . '
b' we construct three families of counter - examples to the stabilization conjecture : for each @xmath0 there is a closed , orientable 3-manifold that has a genus @xmath0 heegaard splitting which must be stabilized at least @xmath1 times to become equivalent to the splitting obtained from it by reversing its orientation .  ⁇ n for each @xmath2 there is an orientable 3-manifold whose boundary is a torus , that has two genus @xmath0 heegaard splittings which must be stabilized at least @xmath3 times to become equivalent ( regardless of their orientations ) . '
b' we study the effect of time  ⁇ n  ⁇ ndelay coupling on the nature of the collective dynamics of time  ⁇ n  ⁇ ndelay coupled hamiltonian systems .  ⁇ n we consider the cases of coupled harmonic oscillators and coupled hnon heiles oscillators .  ⁇ n we find that the effect of coupling is to cause the dynamics to be damped to a fixed point , namely the so called amplitude death ( ad ) .  ⁇ n we also find that the energy dissipation is non monotonic as a function of the coupling , decaying faster prior to the phase  ⁇ n flip transition and slower subsequently .  ⁇ n we also find that the energy dissipation is non monotonic as a function of the coupling , decaying faster prior to the phase  ⁇ n flip transition and slower subsequently . '
b' we present a new method to constrain the black hole mass ( @xmath0 ) and the mass - to 
b' we study the response of the bose - hubbard model to an applied electric field .  ⁇ n we show that the non - equilibrium distribution function is far from thermal , and that an expansion about a thermal distribution at some effective temperature is not sufficient to capture the out - of - equilibrium state .  ⁇ n instead we show that a distribution that is highly elongated along the field direction is a good variational solution of the boltzmann equation .  ⁇ n this is consistent with previous approaches based on @xmath0 expansions or the ads / cft correspondance .  ⁇ n we then show that a distribution in which particles and holes are strongly lorentz boosted in opposite directions is a good variational ansatz for the boltzmann equation .  ⁇ n this ansatz gives a johnson noise form at some effective noise temperature , consistent with previous results . '
b' we present a new method for determining the surface density of molecular gas in the disks of spiral galaxie
b' we study the effect of a mechanical oscillator on the current through a nanoelectromechanical system ( nems ) device .  ⁇ n the oscillator is coupled to a single electron tunneling ( set ) device .  ⁇ n the phonons are driven out of equlibrium by the electron motion through the nem
b' we present a simple two - dimensional model of electron scattering by interface roughness in a double - barrier structure .  ⁇ n the model is based on the effective - mass approximation and the transfer - matrix method .  ⁇ n the model is worked out in a two - dimensional space for computational limitations .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the morphology of the class i methanol maser g309.38@xmath035 , located south of declination @xmath035 .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new algorithm for measuring the 3-point correlation function ( 3pcf ) of galaxies through its multipole moments .  ⁇ n this algorithm is particularly effective if the galaxies are close to each other , so that there are many triangles whose side lengths fall within a given combination of radial bins .  ⁇ n we apply this algorithm to the two - degree - field galaxy redshift survey ( 2dfgr
b' we present a detailed spectroscopic study of the r coronae borealis ( rcb ) star dy centauri .  ⁇ n we have obtained a high - resolution spectrograph with the eso / vlt .  ⁇ n we have obtained a high - resolution spectrograph with a spectral resolution of @xmath0 .  ⁇ 
b' we consider the problem of estimating the parameter @xmath0 of a quantum state @xmath1 from a single copy of @xmath2 and @xmath3 .  ⁇ n the task is to estimate @xmath1 from a single copy of @
b' we present a detailed analysis of the thermal conductance of long silicon beams , which are supported by a transition - edge sensor ( tes ) .  ⁇ n the phonon - mean - free path @xmath0 is restricted by the cross sectional dimensions of the beam .  ⁇ 
b' we study the transport properties of the bay of palma using lagrangian techniques developed from dynamical systems theory .  ⁇ n we compute horizontal transport in the bay of palma during two months corresponding to different wind conditions .  ⁇ n we also study the deepest bottom layer .  ⁇ n we compute the barriers and avenues to transport ( lcs ) from lines of high values of finite - size lyapunov exponents ( fsle ) .  ⁇ n we also present synoptic lagrangian maps of residence times and show the interchange of fluid particles between the bay and the open sea .  ⁇ n we also present calculations of residence times and show synoptic lagrangian maps of these times .  ⁇ n we also present a detailed visualization of the interchange of fluid particles between the bay and the open sea . '
b' we present a detailed analysis of the _ rxte _ archival data of the x - ray pulsar gx 1 + 4 .  ⁇ n the _ rxte _ data , which span two orders of magnitude in flux for the source , show sharp dips spanning @
b' we present a method to solve the inverse problem for a spherical antenna in the presence of noise .  ⁇ 
b' we use molecular dynamics simulations to test the validity of the pressure - modified von mises ( pmvm ) and pressure - modified tresca criterion criteria for amorphous polymer glasses under multiaxial loading .  ⁇ 
b' we present a systematic study of the symmetry energy of nuclei in the core - collapse supernova phase .  ⁇ n we use a realistic model of the nuclear equation of state , based on the quasiparticle random phase approximation .  ⁇ 
b' we study the phase transition of the su(2)-higgs model on the lattice .  ⁇ n we study the scalar and the fermionic sectors , and the scalar and the fermionic sectors .  ⁇ n we find that the scalar sector is dominated by the fermionic sector .  ⁇ n the scalar sector is dominated by the fermionic sector .  ⁇ n the scalar sector is dominated by the fermionic sector .  ⁇ n the scalar sector is dominated by the fermionic sector .  ⁇ n the scalar sector is dominated by the fermionic sector .  ⁇ n the scalar sector is dominated by the fermionic sector .  ⁇ n the scalar sector is dominated by the fermionic sector .  ⁇ n the scalar sector is dominated by the fermionic sector .  ⁇ n the scalar sector is dominated by the fermionic sector .  ⁇ n the scalar sector is dominated by
b' we study the orbits of s - stars around the massive compact object at the galactic centre .  ⁇ n we assume that the gravitational action is linear in the ricci curvature scalar @xmath0 and that the gravitational action is linear in the ricci curvature scalar @xmath1 .  ⁇ n we assume that the gravitational action is linear in the ricci curvature scalar @xmath2 .  ⁇ n we find that the yukawa term is relatively well constrained for the short ranges .  ⁇ n we also find that the yukawa term is relatively well constrained for the long ranges .  ⁇ n we also find that the yukawa term is relatively well constrained for the short ranges .  ⁇ n we also find that the yukawa term is relatively well constrained for the short ranges .  ⁇ n we also find that the yukawa term is relatively well constrained for the long ranges .  ⁇ n we also find that the yuk
b' we study the production of photons by a quark gluon plasma .  ⁇ 
b' we study the double lepton polarization asymmetries in the baryonic @xmath0 decay , using a general form of the effective hamiltonian , including all possible forms of interactions .  ⁇ n we find that the double lepton polarization asymmetries can be used to search for new physics in the decay .  ⁇ n we also discuss the possibility of searching for new physics in the @xmath0 decay . '
b' i discuss the effect of the gravitational vacuum polarization on various energy conditions .  ⁇ n in particular , i discuss the point - wise null , weak , strong , and dominant energy conditions ( nec , wec , sec , and dec ) , the averaged null energy condition ( anec ) , and furthermore introduce and discuss several new , potentially interesting , energy conditions ( pnec , scri  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a detailed kinematic analysis of the sculptor dwarf spheroidal galaxy .  ⁇ n we use the eso/2.2 m wfi and vlt / flames spectra for hundreds of individual red giant branch ( rgb ) stars in the system , out to its nominal tidal radius .  ⁇ n the combined information from the accurate line - of - sight velocities ( @xmath0 km s@xmath2 ) and metallicities ( @xmath10.15 de
b' we propose a one dimensional discrete lattice model for granular compaction under tapping .  ⁇ n numerical solutions to the model equation indicate that the density relaxes in a logarithmic manner , precisely as eq.([[logarithmic ] ) .  ⁇ n we also solve the continuum version of the model analytically in the asympototic limit to confirm eq .  ⁇ n [ phys .  ⁇ n rev .  ⁇ n e * 66 * , 012305 ( 2001 ) ] . '
b' we study the ionization and thermal evolution of gas in galactic haloes exposed to time - dependent ionizing radiation field .  ⁇ n the model is based on the assumption that the observed column densities of ovi are a conservative estimate of oxygen mass .  ⁇ n we show that the observed column densities of ovi are at least half order of magnitude less massive than the observed ones .  ⁇ 
b' the multiple - scattering method is applied to the analysis of devices connected with one and two semi - infinite photonic crystals .  ⁇ n the method is based on the matched - field method , which is a generalization of the multiple - scattering method .  ⁇ 
b' we consider a general class of maps which contain critical points and singularities .  ⁇ n we show that the orbits of the critical points satisfy a summability condition which simultaneously keeps track of the growth of the derivative along critical orbits and of the recurrence of such orbits to the critical set .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new x - ray spectral fitting package , based on the xspec spectral fitting package , to analyze the interstellar medium ( ism ) absorption features in high - resolution x - ray spectra of low - mass x - ray binary ( lmxb ) systems .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a proposal for the measurement of geometric phases and energy shifts of a single trapped ion .  ⁇ n the berry phase acquired by the eigenstates of a hamiltonian is changing with time implicitly in an adiabatic fashion in a parameter space so that the system remains in the same eigenstate during the entire evolution .  ⁇ n we also present a convenient technique for calculation of berry phases in situations involving electric quadrupole moment interacting with a time dependent electric field gradient .  ⁇ n we also present a convenient technique for calculation of berry phases in situations involving electric quadrupole moment interacting with a time dependent electric field gradient . '
b' we study the linear stability of homogeneous einstein and ricci soliton metrics on non - compact manifolds .  ⁇ 
b' we introduce pseudocubical objects with pseudoconnections , obtained from the brown - higgins structure of the category of pseudocubical objects with connections in an abelian category .  ⁇ n we show that the pseudocubical objects with pseudoconnections are uniquely isomorphic to the cotriple derived functors of barr - beck .  ⁇ n we also show that the pseudocubical objects with pseudoconnections are isomorphic to the cotriple derived functors of tierney and vogel . '
b' we study evolutionary dynamics of a general two - person game with zealots .  ⁇ n we assume that the payoff matrix of the game is given by the moran process .  ⁇ n we assume that the payoff matrix of the game is given by the payoff summed over the other players .  ⁇ n we examine the mean fixation time of the strategy selected by the zealots .  ⁇ n we show that cooperation prevails if the temptation of unilateral defection is weak or the selection strength is weak .  ⁇ n we also show that cooperation prevails if the temptation of unilateral defection is weak or the selection strength is weak .  ⁇ n we also show that the fixation time of the strategy selected by the zealots is a sensitive probe to understand the extent to which zealots influence non - zealous players in the population . '
b' we discuss the use of the technique of asymptotic expansions and integration - by - parts relations to simplify lattice perturbative calculations .  ⁇ n we illustrate the method with a simple example of staggered fermions .  ⁇ n we discuss the application of the method to the calculation of the strong coupling constant . '
b' we present the first direct measurement of the evolution of the star formation rate density ( sfr ) as a function of stellar mass in a sample of massive galaxies at @xmath0 selected from the gemini deep deep survey .  ⁇ n the sfr density declines from @xmath1 to @
b' we present the results of a study of the reaction of 20 mev / nucleon @xmath0au with @xmath1zr .  ⁇ n the projectile - like fragments ( plfs ) from the collision of @xmath0au with @xmath1zr are observed with a high resolution spectrometer / detector system .  ⁇ n the projectile - like fragments are found to have very high temperatures ( t@
b' we study the spatial distribution of the concentrations inside advected fluid elements in a two - dimensional chaotic flow .  ⁇ n the advection process is characterized by a non - homogeneous chemical field , which is characterized by a negative lyapunov exponent .  ⁇ n we consider a class of chemical processes characterized by a negative lyapunov exponent .  ⁇ n the resulting concentration distribution can be smooth ( differentiable ) or exhibits characteristic filamental patterns that are nowhere differentiable except in the direction of filaments aligned with the unstable foliation induced in the fluid by the chaotic dynamics .  ⁇ n we study the scaling properties of the spatial averages of the concentrations , which are the more convenient quantities to be observed in experiments .  ⁇ 
b' we study the thermal properties of charged black holes in einstein maxwell anti de sitter space .  ⁇ 
b' we present the preliminary results of a study of the impact of supersymmetric evolution on the fragmentation of metastable states .  ⁇ n we discuss the implications of the results for the top - down models of ultra  ⁇ n high energy cosmic rays . '
b' we study the fine - tuning problem of the inflaton potential in the context of a compactification of type iib string theory .  ⁇ n we show that the khler modulus and the warp factor of the throat can be stabilized by a parameter @xmath0 , which is the distance between the brane and the antibrane .  ⁇ 
b' we present a general method for the calculation of the magnification of any point- or extended source .  ⁇ n the method is based on the multiple lens - plane method .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the iron - rich dust in the photosphere of a sample of 34 giant stars in globular clusters .  ⁇ n the spectra of these stars are obtained with the _ spitzer space telescope _ infrared spectrograph .  ⁇ n the spectra of these stars show a featureless flux excess at 8 @xmath0 m , which can not be caused by commonly - assumed dust species ( silicates , alumina ) under normal conditions of temperature and grain size .  ⁇ n this excess flux is confirmed by comparison to marcs photospheric model spectra .  ⁇ n we find that iron is a significant contributor to the flux , and that it is not a significant contributor to the flux .  ⁇ n we also find that iron is a significant contributor to the flux , and that it is not a significant contributor to the flux .  ⁇ n [ firstpage ] stars : globular clusters : individual : ngc 5927 v3 '
b' we solve numerically the dirac equation for a fermion coupled via yukawa interaction to a system of two colliding domain walls , i.e. a kink - anti - kink collision in five - dimensional minkowski spacetime .  ⁇ n we use as initial data the boosted profiles of the chiral zero modes associated with the individual domain walls .  ⁇ n we find that , depending on the initial relative velocity , such domain wall pairs can pass through one another , or suffer a number of bounces .  ⁇ n we also find that , depending on the initial relative velocity , such domain wall pairs can pass through one another , or suffer a number of bounces in a fashion reminiscent of the cyclic universe scenario .  ⁇ n we also find that , for a whole range of initial conditions , the two initially distinct but localized fermion distributions merge in the neighborhood of the collision , and then emerge after the collision again localized on one or the other kink .  ⁇ n by contrast if one of the kink
b' we present a new model for the non thermal emission from relativistic jets in active galactic nuclei ( agn ) , based on the mhd simulations of a kerr black hole accretion disk .  ⁇ 
b' we present a closed form expression for the number of alternating ones and zeros in the binary representation of the integer sequence a000975 .  ⁇ n this is the first closed form expression for this number .  ⁇ n we also give a closed form expression for the number of alternating ones and zeros in the binary representation .  ⁇ n we also give a closed form expression for the number of alternating ones and zeros in the binary representation . '
b' we present the hipparcos data of 21 li - rich rosat sources .  ⁇ n we find that the rosat counterparts to these sources are zams stars , and that the rosat counterparts to chamaeleon , lupus , scorpius , taurus , and orion are li - rich .  ⁇ 
b' we present the non - linear period - luminosity ( pl ) relation for the large magellanic cloud ( lmc ) cepheids , based on the ogle data .  ⁇ 
b' we study the chameleon model in the presence of a test mass inside a vacuum chamber .  ⁇ n we show that the scalar field amplitude inside the chamber is related to the chameleon field amplitude inside the chamber , instead of the chamber size .  ⁇ n we also study the case where the test mass perturbs weakly the chameleon profile .  ⁇ n we provide forecasts for the acceleration due to the scalar field which is related to the scalar field gradient inside the vacuum chamber .  ⁇ n we also highlight the effects of the test mass density and size , a result which can be interesting for designing further experiments . '
b' the simbad database is a key tool used worldwide for all kinds of astronomical studies .  ⁇ n it is a web site , hosted at the strasbourg observatory , and operated at the cronenbourg computer center until december 1984 .  ⁇ n the simbad database contains identifications , bibliographical references , and selected observational measurements for more than 2.7 million astronomical objects .  ⁇ n the specificity of the simbad database is to organize the information per astronomical object , thus offering a unique perspective on astronomical data .  ⁇ n this is done through a careful cross - identification of objects from catalogues , lists , and journal articles .  ⁇ n the simbad database is now hosted on a unix server , at the strasbourg observatory , and operated there until june 30 , 1990 .  ⁇ n the original command line interface has been complemented by an interactive x - window interface ( xsimbad ) in 1994 , and by a world - wide web
b' we present a detailed analysis of the polarization of the 10830 and d@xmath0 multiplets of neutral helium in the solar chromosphere and corona .  ⁇ n we have performed a detailed analysis of the polarization of the 10830 and d@xmath0 multiplets , and we have found that the polarization of the 10830 and d@xmath0 multiplets is sensitive to the presence of atomic level polarization and to the joint action of the hanle and zeeman effects .  ⁇ n we have also performed a detailed analysis of the polarization of the he i d@xmath0 multiplet at 5876 .  ⁇ n we have found that the polarization of the 10830 and d@xmath0 multiplets is sensitive to the presence of atomic level polarization and to the joint action of the hanle and zeeman effects .  ⁇ n we have also found that the polarization of the he i d@xmat
b' we study the dynamics of two - bilayer vesicles .  ⁇ n the squeezing mode is the slowest relaxation mode in multi - lamellar vesicles .  ⁇ n we find that the squeezing mode makes the dominant contribution to the complex viscosity .  ⁇ n interestingly , when the gap between the two bilayers is smaller than a characteristic crossover gap , the fast undulation mode becomes the dominant mode for the complex viscosity .  ⁇ n we find that the crossover gap gets very small when the bilayer interaction is strong . on the opposite limit where the bilayer has extremely weak interaction ,  ⁇ n the crossover gap becomes comparable to the inner vesicle radius . '
b' we present numerical simulations of a gravity - driven silo discharge .  ⁇ n we use three outlet diameters to study the behavior of the velocity profile , demonstrating an evolution between the transitory and stationary states .  ⁇ n results for the probability density functions ( pdfs ) of the displacements of individual grains reveal non - gaussian statistics and super - diffusive behavior at the beginning of the discharge .  ⁇ n in agreement with experiments , non - gaussian to gaussian pdf s transition is observed in the stationary regime .  ⁇ n finally , we show that the complete sequence of dynamical states displayed by the particles at the beginning of the discharge can be interpreted in the non - extensive statistical mechanics framework introduced by tsallis .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a study of the dynamical evolution of the young open cluster ngc 6231 .  ⁇ n we find that the cluster presents a mass segregation .  ⁇ n we conclude that the observed mass segregation is a consequence of the stellar formation processes .  ⁇ n we also discuss the possibility of detecting an initial mass segregation in a cluster . '
b' we examine the behaviour of the hybrid monte carlo ( hmc ) in decorrelating the topology of full qcd with four staggered fermions and pure @xmath0 gauge theory .  ⁇ n we find that the hmc is unable to change the global topological charge efficiently , leading to very long auto - correlations .  ⁇ n we also find that the hmc is able to recover the global topological charge , and that the averaged global topological charge is not zero .  ⁇ n we discuss the implications of this for the proton mass . '
b' we present a new model of the transport of angular momentum by internal waves .  ⁇ n the model is based on the coriolis force and takes into account the action of rotation on the internal waves .  ⁇ 
b' we study the solitary excitation in the one - dimensional xxz spin chain by applying a magnetic field .  ⁇ n we find that the switch between the bright soliton and the dark soliton is controlled by the magic angle @xmath0 , whose tangent is defined as the ratio between the z component and the x component of the magnetic field .  ⁇ n the solitary excitation is found to be a solitary wave , and the magic angle @xmath1 is a necessary condition for the solitary wave to be a solitary wave .  ⁇ 
b' we propose that the dynamics of the friedmann - lema ⁇  itre - robertson - walker ( flrw ) metric must be governed not by the standard einstein equations applied to the flrw metric , but by the effective equations obtained after spatial averaging on constant time slices , as developed by buchert .  ⁇ n we show that the flrw metric is a template for the dynamics of the universe , and that the flrw metric is a template for the dynamics of the universe .  ⁇ n we also show that the flrw metric is a template for the dynamics of the universe , and that the flrw metric is a template for the dynamics of the universe .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the gluonic excitation modes in the three - quark ( 3q ) system in su(3 ) lattice qcd .  ⁇ n we show the first result on the 1st excited - state potential @xmath0 in the spatially - fixed 3q system .  ⁇ n the gluonic excitation mode is found to be @xmath1 , which is consistent with the y - ansatz .  ⁇ 
b' the imaginary part of the neutrino dispersion relation in a medium composed of electrons , protons , neutrons , neutrinos and their anti - particles is re - calculated .  ⁇ n the imaginary part of the neutrino self - energy is re - calculated in the framework of real - time thermal field theory .  ⁇ n the imaginary part of the neutrino dispersion relation is shown to be proportional to the particle - antiparticle asymmetry in the background .  ⁇ n the imaginary part of the neutrino dispersion relation is shown to be proportional to the particle - antiparticle asymmetry .  ⁇ n the imaginary part of the neutrino dispersion relation is shown to be proportional to the particle - antiparticle asymmetry .  ⁇ n the imaginary part of the neutrino dispersion relation is shown to be proportional to the particle - antiparticle asymmetry .  ⁇ n the imaginary part of the neutrino dispersion relation is calculated in the framework of the real - time thermal field theory .
b' we present a detailed study of the size and number density evolution of disk galaxies out to @xmath0 based on the first three epochs of _ hst _ images of the chandra deep field south .  ⁇ n the rest frame @xmath0-band surface brightness of the galaxies is found to increase with redshift , with a mean value of @xmath1 .  ⁇ n the number density of disk galaxies is found to be @xmath2 0.1 - 0.3 , which is consistent with the observed evolution of the size distribution of disk galaxies .  ⁇ n the number density of disk galaxies is found to be @xmath3 .  ⁇ n the number density of disk galaxies is found to be @xmath4 .  ⁇ n the number density of disk galaxies is found to be constant out to @xmath5 .  ⁇ n the number density of disk galaxies is found to be constant out to @xmath5 .  ⁇ n the number density
b' the magnetic field and chemical structure of ap stars are reviewed .  ⁇ n the theoretical basis of these emerging modeling approaches is provided by the developments in the fields of model atmospheres , polarized radiative transfer , and numerical methods of the inverse problem solution , while the observational material intensity and polarization spectra at high spectral and time resolution are supplied by the new generation spectrometers and spectropolarimeters at the 48-m class telescopes .  ⁇ n the theoretical basis of these emerging models is provided by the developments in the fields of model atmospheres , polarized radiative transfer , and numerical methods of the inverse problem solution , while the observational material intensity and polarization spectra at high spectral and time resolution are supplied by the new generation spectrometers and spectropolarimeters at the 48-m class telescopes .  ⁇ n the theoretical basis of these emerging modeling approaches is provided by the developments in the fields of model atmospheres , polarized radiative transfer , and numerical methods of the inverse problem solution , while the observation
b' we present a sample of astrophysical transients that are known to be ca - rich , with the peculiar transient sn2005e as a prototype .  ⁇ 
b' we consider a granular normal metal with coulomb interaction between electrons .  ⁇ n the theory is based on a perturbative approach , which allows us to calculate the conductance of the system at arbitrary temperatures .  ⁇ n the diagrammatic analysis is supplemented by a non - linear @xmath0-model that can be considerably simplified provided one does not take into account weak localization effects .  ⁇ n we demonstrate that granular metals and networks of tunnel junctions can always be described using the standard techniques developed in the theory of disordered metals .  ⁇ n we demonstrate that the theory can be applied to any physical quantity without using the notion of quantum dissipation . '
b' we present a detailed study of the magnetic properties of the kagom lattice nn antiferromagnet .  ⁇ n the kagom lattice nn antiferromagnet has three possible ground states : ( a ) * q*=0 with positive chirality , ( b ) * q*=0 with negative chirality , and ( c ) @xmath0 structure .  ⁇ 
b' we compare the spectral measurements of broadband radiation , based on optical and electronic filtering .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new approximate impurity solver for the hubbard model .  ⁇ n the method is based on iterated perturbation theory ( ipt ) , an interpolation approach that generalizes the original ipt to half - filling .  ⁇ n the self - energy is constructed so that the self - energy recovers both the exact result in the atomic limit and the high - frequency limit of the hubbard model .  ⁇ n we show that ipt breaks down for @xmath0 close to half - filling .  ⁇ n we also show that ipt breaks down for @xmath0 close to half - filling . '
b' we present a study of the release of radioactive fission products in the atmosphere following the march 11 , 2011 earthquake at the fukushima dai - ichi nuclear power plant in japan .  ⁇ n we collected 38 air filters and monitored for fission products in the united states .  ⁇ n we detected a maximum activity concentration of 4.2 @xmath0 0.6 mbq / m ⁇ 3 ⁇  of  ⁇ 131 ⁇ i 3 d after the first detection of fission products .  ⁇ n the time dependence of  ⁇ 131 ⁇ i and  ⁇ 137 ⁇ cs activity seems to have been dominated by local rain , but we are able to draw some conclusions about the nature of the reactor accident and the transport of fission products around the world . '
b' we investigate the detection efficiency of binary gravitational lens events expected from a high cadence pixel - lensing survey toward m31 .  ⁇ n we estimate the event rate based on detailed simulation of events and application of realistic observational conditions .  ⁇ n we find that the detection efficiency of binary lens events is @xmath0 , where @
b' we present a detailed study of the magnetic activity of the archean earth , based on a spectral analysis of the uv - x - ray emission from the sun .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the gravitational effects of global monopoles in a k - field theory .  ⁇ n we find that the gravitational potential of global monopoles is repulsive , and the gravitational mass of local monopole is very small .  ⁇ n the gravitational mass of local monopole is very small , and the gravitational mass of global monopole is very small .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed study of the accretion geometry in the low - hard state of x - ray binaries ( xrbs ) .  ⁇ n we use a _  ⁇ n chandra _ acis - s observation of the black hole x - ray binary gx 339 - 4 .  ⁇ n the acis - s spectrum is well described by a power - law with a photon index of @xmath0 1.4 .  ⁇ n the x - ray spectrum is characterized by a hard power - law component ( @xmath0 1.4 1.7 ) and strong x - ray variability ( 30% 40% 40% rms ) .  ⁇ n the x - ray spectrum is characterized by a hard power - law component ( @xmath0 1.4 1.7 ) and strong x - ray variability ( 30% 40% 40% rms ) .  ⁇ n the x - ray spectrum is characterized by 
b' we present high resolution integral field unit ( ifu ) spectra of the herbig - haro jet hh 111 .  ⁇ n the [ s ii ] 6730 , 6716 ; h@xmath0 ; h@xmath1 ; [ n ii ] 6583 , 6548 and [ o i ] 6360 , 6300 are detected .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the possibility that recent results on the mass profiles of clusters of galaxies obtained by gravitational lensing might be explained by the degeneracy pressure of light fermionic dark matter particles .  ⁇ n we use a phenomenological equation of state that describes the physical conditions between fully degenerate fermionic gas and the classical ideal gas .  ⁇ n our model is expected to be valid only near the core of a cluster where dynamical equilibrium is possibly achieved .  ⁇ n for pure fermions , the volume density profile is uniquely determined by three parameters , the central density , @xmath0 , and the properties of dark matter particles , namely , the mass , @xmath1 , and statistical weight , @xmath2 .  ⁇ n to compare our model with observations , we smoothly connect our model volume density profile describing the inner region to a column density profile derived from the observed column density profile by assuming spherical symmetry at a radius near the einstein radius .  ⁇ n our model column density profiles can be directly compared
b' we study the current - induced dynamics of a partially dehydrogenated armchair graphene ribbon .  ⁇ n we show that , atomic motion of the dehydrogenated carbon dimer at the edges of the ribbon is relatively decoupled from other dimers and also the rest carbon atoms .  ⁇ n this result results in several nearly degenerate atomic vibrations , where each of these involves mainly one dimer .  ⁇ n however , a coupling of the dimer vibrations takes place via the flowing electrical current .  ⁇ n all these features are favorable to observe the effect of current - induced forces , thus making armchair nanoribbon as an ideal candidate to study . '
b' we study the phase transition in a generalized version of the one - dimensional symmetric simple exclusion process with open boundaries where the additional feature of nonlocal hopping is included .  ⁇ n the system undergoes a first order phase transition from a finite density ( fd ) phase into an empty road ( er ) phase with zero density via a clustered state at the transition .  ⁇ n the clusters are stable only at a specific density , which determines the transition point .  ⁇ n high - density clusters expand mainly by local hopping events , while low - density clusters shrink easily by nonlocal hopping events .  ⁇ n we claim that the difference in the nature of the condensed and er phase is caused by the same mechanism based on the cluster dynamics analysis . '
b' these lectures give a brief introduction to the many body theory of trapped bose - condensed atomic gases .  ⁇ n the first half of these lectures deals with elementary excitations , and the second half deals with excitations in the collision - dominated hydrodynamic region .  ⁇ n the second half deals with excitations in the collision - dominated hydrodynamic region .  ⁇ n the two - fluid hydrodynamic equations such as given by landau generalized to include a trap , are given .  ⁇ n this extends recent work of zaremba , griffin and nikuni to include the case when the condensate is not yet in local equilibrium with the non - condensate atoms .  ⁇ n the first half of the lectures deals with excitations in the collision - dominated hydrodynamic region .  ⁇ n the second half deals with excitations in the collision - dominated hydrodynamic region .  ⁇ n the second half deals with excitations in the collision - dominated hydrodynamic region .  ⁇ n the first half deals
b' we study the phase transition between topologicalfulde - ferrell - larkin - ovchinnikov ( fflo ) state and normal fflo state in an array of fermi tubes with one - dimensional spin - orbit coupling .  ⁇ n the tunneling can be adjusted over a wide range by tuning the optical lattice height in the @xmath0-direction .  ⁇ n we find that topological fflo state is hosted in such dimensional crossover system .  ⁇ n furthermore , topological fflo state is more stable with smaller tunneling , which can be verified by the appearance of typical majorana zero mode .  ⁇ n we use two coupled tubes model to analyze the phase transition point and find the critical tunneling .  ⁇ n it indicates that topological fflo state exists not only in one dimensional but also in quasi one dimensional system .  ⁇ n for quasi two dimensional system , we find the system supports novel gapless superfluid phases which can be classified by the number of gap
b' we consider a nonlinear decision equation describing the density of opinion in a community of agents .  ⁇ 
b' we have investigated equations for green functions of nambu jona - lasinio model in mean - field expansion up to third order .  ⁇ n the leading approximation and next - to - next - to - leading order of mean - field expansion maintain equations for the quark propagator and the two - quark function and also the nlo correction to the quark propagator .  ⁇ n the next - to - next - to - leading order of mean - field expansion maintain equations for the quark propagator and the two - quark function and also the nlo correction to the quark propagator .  ⁇ n the next - to - next - to - leading order of mean - field expansion maintain equations for the quark propagator and the two - quark function and also the nlo correction to the quark propagator .  ⁇ n the next - to - next - to - leading order of mean - field expansion maintain equations for the quark propagator and the two - qu
b' we present an experimental study on the formation of air bubbles resulting from the impact of a sessile drop with a moving meniscus .  ⁇ n the sessile drop always coalesces with the meniscus .  ⁇ n we identify two scenarios for bubble entrapment .  ⁇ n first , when the contact takes place at or very close to the moving contact line ( i.e. at @xmath0 , with @xmath1 the impact height with respect to the moving substrate ) we observe  ⁇  floating bubbles '' .  ⁇ n these bubbles are spherical and float in the bulk of the liquid bridge .  ⁇ n second , when the first contact takes place above the moving contact line also a  ⁇  sticking bubble '' .  ⁇ n we identify two scenarios for bubble entrapment .  ⁇ n first , when the contact takes place at or very close to the moving contact line ( i.e. at @xmath0 , with @xmath1 the impact height with respect to the moving substrate ) we observe 
b' we present a possible uv luminosity dependence of ly@xmath0 emission of lyman break galaxies ( lbgs ) at @xmath1 .  ⁇ n the spectra of lbgs at @xmath2 are obtained with the subaru telescope .  ⁇ n the ly@xmath1 emission is redshifted by about @xmath3 relative to the interstellar absorption lines , which suggests the presence of an outflow in the lbgs at @xmath3 .  ⁇ n the uv luminosity function ( uvlf ) of lbgs at @xmath2 is found to be @xmath4 , and the uvlf of lbgs at @xmath5 is @xmath6 .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a radio monitoring campaign of the x - ray binary cygnus x-1 .  ⁇ n the data were taken between 1996 oct 21 and 1998 jun 13 .  ⁇ n the x - ray emission was in the hard / low state for the whole of this interval .  ⁇ n the x - ray flux decreased by a factor of two during the period of 56 .  ⁇ n the x - ray flux decreased by a factor of two during the period of 56 .  ⁇ n the x - ray flux decreased by a factor of two during the period of 56 .  ⁇ n the x - ray flux decreased by a factor of two during the period of 56 .  ⁇ n the x - ray flux decreased by a factor of two during the period of 56 .  ⁇ n the x - ray flux decreased by a factor of two during the period of 56 .  ⁇ n the x - ray flux decreased by a factor of two during the period of 56
b' we present a method allowing to rigorously and exhaustively determine the contribution of all particle decays .  ⁇ n this technique has been used to analyse the transverse momentum spectra of identified hadrons in a wide range of centre - of - mass energies for several kind of collisions .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the morphological and dynamical evolution of the clusters of galaxies .  ⁇ n we use a sample of 58 clusters of galaxies from the canadian network of observational cosmology ( cnoc ) to study the morphological and dynamical evolution of the clusters .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the dilepton spectrum and its evolution from impact to equilibration in the pre - equilibrium particle - production stage of an ultra - relativistic heavy - ion collision .  ⁇ n we employ a quantum vlasov equation with a non - markovian source term and use that to calculate the dilepton spectrum and its evolution from impact to equilibration .  ⁇ 
b' we calculate the quantum corrections to the spontaneous decay rate of an atom in a linear dielectric host .  ⁇ n the corrections are based on the introduction of an appropriately chosen infinite set of basic - field operators and their connection to the electromagnetic field operators via the classical green function .  ⁇ 
b' we study the passive stability of a class of elastic bodies moving in a perfect fluid .  ⁇ n we focus on the role of body elasticity as a mechanism for passive stabilization of the coast motion of fish .  ⁇ n we find that , for a two - link and a three - link body , there exists a range of parameter values  ⁇ n spring stiffness versus body geometry for which the coast motion is passively stable .  ⁇ n we examine the regions of stability for a two - link and a three - link body .  ⁇ n we find that the stable region of the two - link body is characterized by a bending mode of deformations .  ⁇ n for the three - link body , there exists two stable regions , one is characterized by a bending mode of deformation and the second by a traveling - wave mode of deformation .  ⁇ n this problem is somewhat reminiscent of that of the fluttering flag instability . '
b' we study the response of a quantum dot coupled to a gold nanoantenna .  ⁇ n the quantum dot is coupled to a quantum dot and the quantum dot is coupled to a quantum dot .  ⁇ n the quantum dot is coupled to a quantum dot and the quantum dot is coupled to a quantum dot .  ⁇ 
b' matrix - matrix multiplication ( gemm ) is arguably the most popular computational kernel of the 20th century .  ⁇ n however , surprisingly , no common methodology for evaluating gemm performance has been established over the many decades of using this kernel for comparing architectures , compilers and ninja - class programmers .  ⁇ n consequently , the reader of a report presenting gemm results is often left wondering : was the kernel specialized , for example , to sgemm ?  ⁇ n which data types were used : normal ( n ) or transposed ( t ) ?  ⁇ n did the execution time include the overhead for transposition ?  ⁇ n did the execution time depend on the ratio between the dimensions ?  ⁇ n if transposed , did the execution time depend on the ratio between the dimensions ?  ⁇ n if transposed , did the execution time depend on the ratio between the dimensions ?  ⁇ n if t , did the execution time depend on the ratio between the dimensions ?  ⁇ n if t 
b' we study the bending of light by plane - fronted gravitational waves .  ⁇ n we show that the bending of light by plane - fronted waves with parallel rays is a non - trivial phenomenon .  ⁇ 
b' in this work , we propose a fully convolutional network ( fcn ) for pixel - level segmentation .  ⁇ 
b' we derive a quantum kinetic theory for dense quantum plasmas in strong static fields .  ⁇ 
b' we study the pion distribution amplitude ( da ) up to dimension - six operators within the background field theory .  ⁇ n we show that the pion da moments are sizable up to dimension - six operators .  ⁇ n we also show that the pion da moments are sizable up to dimension - six operators .  ⁇ 
b' we study the elko field coupled to gravity in a einstein - cartan framework , and we show how it can be the responsible for all phases of the universe , starting as an inflaton field , something similar to the standard scalar field but with a much more rich structure , then reproducing the matter dominated era , since it is a natural candidate to dark matter , and finishing as a constant field that mimics exactly a cosmological constant term , according to the @xmath0cdm model . '
b' we present a squid magnetometer designed to allow high - sensitivity measurements down to millikelvin temperatures .  ⁇ n the setup is based on a leiden cryogenics mnk126 - 400rof dilution refrigerator .  ⁇ n the setup allows for a wide range of experimental probes , e.g. for nuclear magnetic resonance , inductance - bridge - based _  ⁇ n nac_-susceptometery and resistivity measurements .  ⁇ n the setup is able to accommodate several different experimental probes , e.g. for nuclear magnetic resonance , inductance - bridge - based _  ⁇ n nac_-susceptometery and resistivity measurements .  ⁇ n we developed a software that fully automates the system and offers a very user - friendly interface to program the measurement sequences and analyze the data . '
b' we present a new version of the asteroseismology code ligeois dvolution stellaire .  ⁇ n the code is a slackware version of the henyey code .  ⁇ n it is a slackware version of the henyey code .  ⁇ n it is a slackware version of the henyey code .  ⁇ 
b' we present a statistical analysis of the gamma - ray burst ( grb ) bulk properties .  ⁇ n we use a sample of 74 grbs from the sloan digital sky survey ( sdss ) , and a sample of 74 grbs from the sdss - iii grb catalog .  ⁇ 
b' we present an angle - resolved photoemission spectroscopy study of the charge stripe ordered system la@xmath0nd@xmath1sr@xmath2cuo@xmath3 ( nd - lsco ) .  ⁇ n the spectral lineshape evolution as a function of momentum , temperature and doping is studied .  ⁇ n the normal state gap @xmath4 redistributes spectral weight up to @xmath5 , but the total weight remains conserved .  ⁇ n analysis of the spectral lineshape suggests a correlation between the gap amplitude and electron scattering .  ⁇ n in the underdoped regime , the antinodal lineshape changes .  ⁇ n compared to the overdoped side of the phase diagram , a significant suppression of spectral weight is observed .  ⁇ n this effect is discussed in terms of quasiparticle decoherence and competing orders .  ⁇ 
b' we study the electro - optical response of deformed ferroelectric liquid crystal ( dhflc ) cells confined between two parallel plates subject to homogeneous boundary conditions .  ⁇ n we show that the response of dhflc cells to an applied electric field is characterized by a bistable switching process .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the nonequilibrium stationary state of the two - terminal particle - hole symmetric single impurity anderson model ( siam ) in the presence of a bias voltage .  ⁇ n we show that the nonequilibrium second order perturbation calculation of the spectral function agrees qualitatively with that obtained by the diagrammatic quantum monte carlo simulation .  ⁇ n the kondo resonance splitting is found to be quite small in the nonequilibrium stationary state .  ⁇ n the kondo resonance splitting is found to be very small in the nonequilibrium stationary state .  ⁇ n the kondo resonance splitting is also found to be very small in the nonequilibrium stationary state . '
b' we study type i - heterotic duality matching for @xmath0-branes on general abelian orbifolds .  ⁇ n we give a prescription for constructing their heterotic duals .  ⁇ n we show that the heterotic duals of the type i model are a product of the heterotic string and the heterotic string .  ⁇ n we also show that the heterotic string model is a chiral @xmath1 type i model on @xmath2 orbifolds .  ⁇ n we also show that the heterotic string model is a chiral @xmath3 type i model on @x
b' we present the results of ccd photometric and spectral observations of dv psc .  ⁇ n the spectral analysis shows that dv p
b' we present a new measurement of the solar rotation velocity based on a sample of 216,201 stars in the solar neighbourhood .  ⁇ n the tangential velocity distribution of the sun is dominated by a dip centred at the solar reflex value .  ⁇ 
b' we study the non - markovian dynamics of a qubit coupled to a thermal ising spin bath and introducing an ancilla .  ⁇ n it is shown that revivals of negativity of quantumnes can be treated as a signature of non - markovian dynamics .  ⁇ n moreover , we introduce a measure of the non - markovianity based on the negativity of quantumness and investigate the influences of bath criticality , bath temperature and bath size on the non - markovianity .  ⁇ n it is observed that the non - markovianity converges to zero very sensitively at the critical bath temperature .  ⁇ n it is also observed that the non - markovianity converges to zero very sensitively at the critical bath temperature . '
b' the surface phonon on a one - dimensional diatomic linear chain is studied .  ⁇ n the model is extended and reinterpreted to give simple explanations of some other localized modes . '
b' we study the effect of pump focusing on the coupling efficiency of conditional biphoton modes of spontaneous parametric down conversion ( spdc ) .  ⁇ n we observe that the coupling efficiency decreases asymptotically with the focusing parameter of the pump beam .  ⁇ n we also give a physical reason for this decrease in coupling efficiency using the matching of conditional optical modes of down - converted photons .  ⁇ n we show that a loosely focused pump beam and a thin crystal are the best pre - detection conditions for the effective fiber coupling of entangled photons , as the former reduces the effect of spdc ring asymmetry and the later reduces the walk - off effects inside the crystal .  ⁇ n we also verify that the role of collection mode diameter on mode coupling to the fibers is more significant in tight pump focusing than in loose pump focusing . '
b' we present a theoretical study of the melting of solid parahydrogen ( _ p_-h@x
b' we report on a platform for quantum error correction ( qec ) based on a nearly quantum - limited measurement chain and a customized field - programmable gate array ( fpga ) system .  ⁇ n we implement a measurement - based ( mb ) scheme to stabilize an entangled bell state of two superconducting transmon qubits .  ⁇ n we compare this scheme to a driven - dissipative ( dd ) scheme in which the conditional parity switch is autonomous .  ⁇ n we compare the mb scheme to a dd entanglement stabilization scheme .  ⁇ n we find that both schemes are able to achieve a good performance .  ⁇ n we also show that the dd scheme is more efficient than the mb scheme . '
b' this paper proposes a method of finding a sequence of improving models for a given fixed data set that we call continuous learning .  ⁇ n the method is based on iterative exploration of a space of models that have a specific limited number of parameters , which correspond to non - linear polynomial features of an input space .  ⁇ n the feature set is evolving with each iteration , so the most important features are selected from the current feature set then the reduced feature set is expanded to include higher degree polynomials while the dimension of the expanded feature space is limited or fixed .  ⁇ n the resulting features are computed recursively from iteration to iteration with different parameters of the recursions found for each execution of the iteration algorithm .  ⁇ n we analyzed a stationary solution of the iteration cycle and found that , in a limit of the infinite number of iterations , features form a feature algebra .  ⁇ n different solutions of feature algebra define non - linear feature representations .  ⁇ n we analyzed a stationary solution of the iter
b' we propose a method to test for deviations from newtonian gravity , based on the modified newtonian dynamics ( mond ) .  ⁇ n we show that the mond theory is valid for accelerations below a certain threshold , @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we also discuss how mond implicitly violates the strong equivalence principle and suggest that this hypothesis be relaxed .  ⁇ 
b' i present the discovery of 182 new stars with @xmath0 yr@xmath1 , discovered in a survey of the southern sky south of @xmath2 ( 8980 square degrees ) .  ⁇ 
b' we calculate the polarization properties of the synchrotron radiation in the early afterglow phase of gamma - ray bursts ( grbs ) .  ⁇ n we show that the polarization property of the synchrotron radiation is strongly affected by the geometry of the visible emitting region .  ⁇ n we also argue that similar phenomena are also expected in the decline phase of the x - ray flares and possibly in the late time part of phase - ii .  ⁇ n we also discuss the detection prospect there . '
b' we present a confocal raman spectroscopy study of graphene chemically modified with aromatic diazonium ions .  ⁇ n a difference in reactivity between single layer , bi - layer and single layer edge is observed .  ⁇ n the influence of functionalization on the electronic transport properties of graphene is studied .  ⁇ n we find that the treatment with only isopropanol leads to an increase in the doping concentration and an asymmetry between electron and hole transport which is partly similar to the effect of the functionalization .  ⁇ n in addition we observe that the combined treatment with isopropanol and baking leads to a higher electronic quality than just heating alone .  ⁇ n this is further investigated at low temperatures in the last part of this paper . '
b' we study the structure of strange quark matter ( sqm ) in the presence of a strong magnetic field using mit bag model with a density dependent bag constant .  ⁇ n we calculate the energy and equation of state of sqm at finite temperature .  ⁇ n we also calculate the structure of polarized sqs at finite temperature .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the acceleration of ly@xmath0 photons across a shock front .  ⁇ n we use a monte - carlo code to simulate the acceleration of ly@xmath0 photons across a shock front .  ⁇ 
b' i present a pedagogical introduction to the basic concepts of point - system mechanics , namely the concept of a buoyant force , and the concept of a net force .  ⁇ n i show that the concept of a net force "" is a consequence of the superposition of many forces acting on the outer edge of an object , and thus is no more mysterious than any other force in mechanics .  ⁇ 
b' we study the chemical evolution of extremely metal - poor ( emp ) stars , based on the model of r - process elements originating from binary neutron star mergers ( nsms ) .  ⁇ n we find that the r - process elements originating from nsms have difficulties in realizing the observed abundance features in emp stars .  ⁇ 
b' we show that the recently observed _ long bar _ of the milky way does not necessarily follow from the star count data , and we suggest a plausible model to explain these data with a single barred structure whose inner parts represent the boxy bulge .  ⁇ n we also show some predictions for radial velocity distributions that could be used to test this model in the near future . '
b' we present a spectroscopic and photometric study of the peculiar type ia supernova 2002cx .  ⁇ n the sdss - ii supernova survey has discovered a sample of sn ia with a peak luminosity of @xmath0 .  ⁇ 
b' the rastall s theory is a classical , effective implementation of quantum effects due to fundamental fields living in a curved spacetime .  ⁇ n it is shown that the rastall s theory can be used to implement a classical version of the loop quantum cosmology effective equation .  ⁇ n it is shown that singularity - free solutions emerge in that classical context .  ⁇ n the corresponding @xmath0cdm model is unique when a confrontation with observations is made . '
b' we study the dynamics of a large number of point particles in a self - consistent field .  ⁇ n we show that the dynamics of a system of point particles is governed by the mean field dynamics , and that the corresponding trajectories are integrable .  ⁇ 
b' the parametric radiation of electron bunches passing through crystals under the conditions of dynamical diffraction of elctromagnetic waves is studied .  ⁇ n the dependence of the radiation intensity on the electron bunch length and the geometrical parameters of the system is considered .  ⁇ n it is shown that the radiation power scales as the squared number of particles in the bunch .  ⁇ n the dependence of the radiation intensity on the bunch length and the geometrical parameters of the system is also discussed . '
b' we present a new method for numerical modelling of bose - einstein correlations ( bec ) between identical bosons .  ⁇ n the method is based on the use of a special monte carlo generator , based on application of information theory , to describe bec .  ⁇ 
b' we study the boxicity of complete @xmath0-partite graphs .  ⁇ n we show that the boxicity of a graph @xmath1 is at most @xmath2 , where @xmath3 is a graph with @xmath4 vertices .  ⁇ n we also give an upper bound and a lower bound for the boxicity of the generalized mycielski graph @xmath5 .  ⁇ 
b' we develop a theory of _ wild _ solutions to the euler equations in two spatial dimensions .  ⁇ n the theory is based on the analogy with the highly irregular solutions of the isometric embedding of a two - dimensional riemannian manifold into three - dimensional euclidean space given by the nash - kuiper theorem .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a search for eclipses in very low mass eclipsing binary millisecond pulsars .  ⁇ n we have detected eclipses in two eclipsing binary pulsars , b1744@xmath024a and b1957 + 20 .  ⁇ 
b' we study the rate of heterogeneous nucleation of a crystal near a vapour - liquid transition .  ⁇ n we show that the rate of heterogeneous nucleation of a crystal is universal near all vapour - liquid transitions , up to a few scale factors , assuming that the longest - range interactions are dispersion forces .  ⁇ n this is due to wetting : the formation of a thick layer of the liquid phase on a surface in contact with the vapour phase .  ⁇ n the layer forms as coexistence is approached and causes a drop in the nucleation barrier to the nucleation of a dense phase such as a crystalline phase .  ⁇ n the dependence on the nature of longest - range forces makes our findings not - quite universal ( unlike homogeneous nucleation near a bulk critical point which is universal ) . '
b' we study the quantum transport of a signal pulse in an optically dense sample .  ⁇ n we show that the multilevel structure of alkali atoms significantly modifies the stimulated raman process in the conditions of electromagnetically - induced transparency or stimulated raman process .  ⁇ n we also show that the stimulated raman process is most effective in the spectral region where the autler - townes resonance would be maximal in its amplitude and the stimulated raman process would be most effective .  ⁇ n we also evaluate the efficiency of a quantum memory protocol performed in this configuration . '
b' we investigate the effect of coupling between dark energy and matter on the evolution of cosmological parameters .  ⁇ n we consider two different models , with and without coupling .  ⁇ 
b' we simulate ly@xmath0 absorption lines in qso spectra by using 3d radiative transfer calculations .  ⁇ n we find that the metagalactic uv intensity must decrease rapidly with @xmath1 at @xmath2 by two orders of magnitude at least .  ⁇ n the redshift dependence of uv background is required to be @xmath3 $ ] at @xmath2 .  ⁇ n if the uv intensity decreases in this fashion , the reionization epoch is estimated to be @xmath4 .  ⁇ n if the uv intensity decreases in this fashion , the reionization epoch is estimated to be @xmath5 .  ⁇ n the collapse of pregalactic clouds in a reionized universe is explored in relation to the formation of protogalaxies in uv background radiation . '
b' we present a class of functions that can be used to generate exact relativistic thick disks .  ⁇ 
b' a dominating set in a unit disk graph is a subset of the vertices of a graph such that every vertex not in the dominating set is adjacent to some vertex in the independent dominating set .  ⁇ n several approximation algorithms have been proposed .  ⁇ n graph - based algorithms receive as input the adjacency representation of the graph and assume no knowledge of the point coordinates , whereas geometric algorithms work in the real ram model of computation and receive solely the vertex coordinates as input .  ⁇ n however , unless * * p**=*np * , no efficient algorithm exists to decide whether a given graph admits a unit disk realization . in this paper , we introduce approximation algorithms of both types , benefiting from the same approximation factor analysis .  ⁇ n the proposed graph - based algorithm runs in @xmath0 time , and the geometric algorithm runs in @xmath1 time regardless of @xmath8 .  ⁇ 
b' we study the equilibrium magnetic phases of a classical magnetically soft particle on a hemispherical shell .  ⁇ n we show that the geometry of hemispherical shell results in a significantly modified phase diagram without a uniform easy axis state in comparison with extruded hemispheres .  ⁇ 
b' the ee cep system is a be star with a very low luminosity .  ⁇ n the eclipses of the primary star are very shallow and in accordance with expectations almost gray .  ⁇ n the most plausible explanation of the observed photometric behavior was proposed by @xcite .  ⁇ n they suggested that the secondary consists of a dark disk , with opaque interior and semi - transparent exterior , around a low luminosity central object .  ⁇ n the most plausible explanation of the observed photometric behavior was proposed by @xcite .  ⁇ n they suggested that the secondary consists of a dark disk , with opaque interior and semi - transparent exterior , around a low luminosity central object .  ⁇ n the most plausible explanation of the observed photometric behavior was proposed by @xcite .  ⁇ n the most plausible explanation of the observed photometric behavior was a dark disk , with opaque interior and semi - transparent exterior , around a low luminosity central object .  ⁇ n the most plausible explanation of the observed photometric behavior was proposed by @xcite .  ⁇ 
b' we study the electronic structure of graphene supported by a substrate .  ⁇ 
b' we present keck 10-m observations of the nuclei of three nearby , infrared bright seyfert galaxie
b' we present a systematic calculation of the nuclear self - energies and scalar and vector densities in the framework of quantum hadrodynamics .  ⁇ n the calculations are performed in the framework of the loop expansion .  ⁇ n we find that the nuclear self - energies are significantly affected by the mean - field terms , and that the short - range physics dominates the nuclear energy .  ⁇ n the short - range physics is also incorporated , and the long - range physics is included explicitly .  ⁇ n the scalar and vector densities are also calculated .  ⁇ n we find that the scalar and vector densities are significantly affected by the mean - field terms , and that the scalar and vector densities are significantly affected by the mean - field terms .  ⁇ n the scalar and vector densities are also affected by the mean - field terms .  ⁇ n the scalar and vector densities are also affected by the mean - field terms .  ⁇ n the scalar den
b' we report on magnetoimpedance ( mi ) measurements of co@xmath0fe@xmath1b@xmath2si@xmath3 amorphous microwires with various ratios of the metal - to - glass diameter , in the [ 1 - 500 mhz ] frequency range , carried out with a novel broadband technique .  ⁇ n the effects of the thickness of the glass sheath are clearly illustrated and the variation of the anisotropy field @xmath4 is evaluated directly as a function of stress .  ⁇ n the results are presented for @xmath5 = 0.8 .  ⁇ n the effect of the thickness of the glass sheath is clearly illustrated and the variation of the anisotropy field @xmath6 is evaluated directly as a function of stress . '
b' we present a model for the pion decay amplitudes based on a phenomenological field , which describes the global fluctuations of the quark - gluonic field inside hadrons .  ⁇ n the model is compared with the experimental data and with the predictions of the pcac model .  ⁇ 
b' we present a theoretical study of the mid infrared emission bands at 3.3 , 6.2 , 7.7 , 8.6 , 11.3 and 12.7 .  ⁇ n the carriers of these bands are very small grains ( or big molecules ) heated transiently by the absorption of a single uv photon .  ⁇ n they are akin to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons ( pahs ) .  ⁇ n we show that the carriers of these bands are akin to graphitic islands .  ⁇ n the carriers of the aromatic infrared bands ( aibs ) are akin to pahs .  ⁇ n the carriers of the aromatic infrared bands ( aibs ) are akin to pahs .  ⁇ n the carriers of the aromatic infrared bands ( aibs ) are akin to pahs .  ⁇ n the carriers of the aibs are akin to pahs .  ⁇ n the carriers of the aibs are
b' we study the effects of neutrino oscillations on the neutrino signal from the next galactic supernova .  ⁇ 
b' in this study , we propose a multiple feedback successive interference cancellation ( imf ) algorithm for sic based mimo detection .  ⁇ n the proposed algorithm is based on the concept of shadow are constraint ( sac ) where if the decision fall in the shadow region ( unreliability region ) then multiple constellation points are used in the decision feedback loop .  ⁇ n the imf algorithm is based on the concept of _  ⁇ n snr _ ordering in the detection sequence , _ snr _ ordering in the detection sequence , _ snr _ ordering in the detection sequence , _ snr _ ordering in the detection sequence , _ snr _ ordering in the detection sequence , _ snr _ ordering in the detection sequence , _ snr _ ordering in the detection sequence , _ snr _ ordering in the detection sequence , _ snr _ ordering in the detection sequence , _ snr _ ordering in the detection sequence , _
b' we investigate the role of weak measurement and quantum measurement reversal in the protection of entanglement under two - qubit correlated amplitude damping ( cad ) channel .  ⁇ n we show that weak measurement and quantum measurement reversal can enable the entanglement to be reversed away from entanglement sudden death ( esd ) by choosing proper measurement strength of weak measurement .  ⁇ n furthermore , we find that the initial entanglement could be drastically amplified by weak measurement and quantum measurement reversal .  ⁇ n our results provide an active way to suppress decoherence and enhance the entanglement transmission under cad channel . '
b' we present the first results from a weak lensing study of the coma cluster .  ⁇ 
b' we report the discovery of two faint stellar companions to the transiting planetary system hat - p-7 based on the subaru hiciao and the calar alto astralux data .  ⁇ n the companions are located at a distance of @xmath0 kpc from the star , and are located at a distance of @xmath1 kpc from the star .  ⁇ n the companions are located at a distance of @
b' we present a new calculation of the heavy - quark vector current in the threshold region of @xmath0 collisions .  ⁇ n the calculation is performed in the framework of the qcd summation scheme , which is based on the renormalization group approach .  ⁇ n the renormalization group equations are solved in the qcd summation scheme , and the resulting spectral functions are compared with the corresponding qcd summation results .  ⁇ n the renormalization group equations are derived in the qcd summation scheme .  ⁇ n the renormalization group equations are solved in the qcd summation scheme .  ⁇ n the renormalization group equations are solved in the qcd summation scheme .  ⁇ n the renormalization group equations are solved in the qcd summation scheme .  ⁇ n the renormalization group equations are solved in the qcd summation scheme .  ⁇ n the renormalization group equation
b' we investigate the existence of 3d hairy black holes in theories based on torsion .  ⁇ n we show that the teleparallel equivalent of general relativity ( tep ) is a solution of the einstein equations with a scalar field .  ⁇ n we also investigate the stability of the scalar field and show that it is unstable .  ⁇ n we also show that the scalar field is finite on the horizon and that the scalar field is finite on the horizon .  ⁇ n we also show that the scalar field is finite on the horizon and that the scalar field is finite on the horizon .  ⁇ n we also show that the scalar field is finite on the horizon and that the scalar field is finite on the horizon .  ⁇ n we also show that the scalar field is finite on the horizon and that the scalar field is finite on the horizon .  ⁇ n we also show that the scalar field is fi
b' we present a new method for detecting spectral binaries , i.e. , systems whose combined - light spectrum shows distinct peculiarities that come from the highly structured spectra of single m , l and t dwarfs when blended together , as opposed to spectroscopic binaries which show radial velocity variations .  ⁇ 
b' we study the dynamical properties of linear chains of scatterers .  ⁇ n we work within the scattering matrix formalism to avoid divergences present in e.g. transfer matrix formalism , and to take advantage of the compactness of the phase space manifold of scattering matrices .  ⁇ n we also derive some interesting transport properties of the chain in three different cases : translationally invariant chain , chain with weak disorder and chain with strong disorder .  ⁇ n some of our results can be understood as re - derivation of known transport properties of one - dimensional lattices from a simple new dynamical perspective , in particular for the case of single - channel scatterers .  ⁇ n however , in case of multi - channel scatterers we report some new - numerical - results on the scaling of haar measures of scattering matrices corresponding to ballistic and localised dynamics . '
b' we derive the stochastic master equation for a single superconducting cooper - pair box ( scb ) charge qubit continuously measured by a single - electron transistor ( set ) .  ⁇ n this stochastic master equation describes the random evolution of the measured scb qubit density matrix which both conditions and is conditioned on a particular realization of the measured electron tunneling events through the set junctions .  ⁇ n we also analyze an important ensemble quantity for an initial qubit state readout experiment , @xmath0 the probability distribution of finding @xmath1 electrons that have tunneled into the drain of the set in time @xmath2 .  ⁇ n this analysis demonstrates further the connection between the quantum trajectory approach presented here and the  ⁇  partially '' reduced density matrix approach . '
b' we study the structure of the energy landscape of a glassy system , modeled as a set of basins of attraction of local minima ( traps ) .  ⁇ n the network representation of the energy landscape is constructed by a weighted and directed link between two nodes whenever it is possible for the system to jump between the basins of attraction of the corresponding minima .  ⁇ n the number of links of each node is found to be strongly heterogeneous , possibly with scale - free distributions of the areas of the basins of attraction .  ⁇ n the energy of a minimum and its degree ( i.e. , the number of other minima which can be reached from this minimum ) are correlated , as well as the barriers to overcome to escape from a minimum .  ⁇ n the energy of a minimum and its degree ( i.e. , the number of other minima which can be reached from this minimum ) are found to be correlated , as well as the barriers to overcome to escape from a minimum .  ⁇ n the energy of a minimum and its
b' we study the effects of thermal background on the properties of electrons in the very early universe .  ⁇ n we use the standard electroweak model with the massless neutrino and calculate the effects of thermal background on the properties of electrons .  ⁇ n we find that the effects of thermal background on the properties of electrons are significant .  ⁇ n we also calculate the effects of thermal background on the beta decay rate and helium abundance in the early universe .  ⁇ 
b' we have performed first - principles calculations on the elastic properties of lanthanum nickelate lanio@xmath0 .  ⁇ n the geometrical parameters and electronic structure of rhombohedrally distorted phase are analyzed .  ⁇ n the elastic constants , polycrystalline moduli , and other mechanical properties of lanio@x
b' we study the dynamics of a bose - einstein condensate in a radial trap , where the trap potential has a quartic minus quadratic radial dependence .  ⁇ n we show that the condensate can be mapped onto a mexican hat potential , and that the angular velocities for the transitions between the different states are calculated .  ⁇ 
b' a prototype for an automatic spectroscopic classification system is presented .  ⁇ 
b' we discuss the one - loop corrections to the abj triangle anomaly .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new , high - resolution , merlin - vlba observation of the merging galaxy .  ⁇ 
b' we present an extensive numerical study of the first - order irreversible phase transition ( ipt ) of a lattice gas model for the catalytic reaction of @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the model is based on the langmuir - hinshelwood mechanism and is a lattice gas model for the @xmath1 reaction .  ⁇ n the ipt s are characterized by a sudden change in the density of reactants and in the rate of production due to a tiny change in the external control parameter .  ⁇ n the occurrence of hysteretic effects around a first - order transition point is also observed .  ⁇ n the results are compared with our previous study of the ziff - gulari - barshad model . '
b' we present a comparison of recent lhc data with the amplitude - based resummation theory .  ⁇ 
b' we present a search for failed supernovae ( sne ) using the large binocular telescope .  ⁇ n we have detected a total of 89 sne , of which a total of 89 are likely to be type iip sne .  ⁇ 
b' we study the efficiency at maximum power of a quantum thermal engine , which is composed of a two - level quantum system confined in a one - dimensional infinite quantum well and a harmonic oscillator .  ⁇ n the working substance in our model is a two - level quantum system , which can be chosen as the lowest two levels of a one - dimensional infinite quantum well or a 1d harmonic oscillator .  ⁇ n the heat transferring process between the working substance and the heat reservoir is described by einstein s theory of radiation .  ⁇ n the upper and lower bounds for the efficiency at maximum power in the long and short contact time limits respectively are derived .  ⁇ n the derived efficiency at maximum power is a universal number .  ⁇ n the results show that the efficiency at maximum power is a universal number . '
b' we study the dynamics of a reaction - diffusion system on a complex network , with two distinct layers , each of which can diffuse from one node to the other .  ⁇ n the system is characterized by a scalar factor @
b' we present experimental realization of a simple version of the unambiguous identification of coherent states proposed in ref .  ⁇ n [ phys .  ⁇ n rev .  ⁇ n a * 71 * , 012305 ( 2005 ) ] .  ⁇ n the uknown coherent state can equal to whichever of two different program states .  ⁇ n the number of program states can be increased by extension of the basic experimental scheme .  ⁇ n the scheme can be used for unambiguous discrimination of coherent states . '
b' recent results from the wisconsin h@xmath0 mapper ( wham ) are presented , including velocity - interval maps from the recently completed wham northern sky survey ( wham - nss ) of interstellar h@xmath0 , as well as observations of much fainter  ⁇  diagnostic '' emission lines that probe the ionization and excitation state of the gas .  ⁇ n the wham - nss data are compared with the wham - nss data , and the wham - nss data are compared with the wham - nss data .  ⁇ n the wham - nss data are consistent with the wham - nss data , and the wham - nss data are consistent with the wham - nss data .  ⁇ n the wham - nss data are consistent with the wham - nss data , and
b' the gamma - ray emission from dark matter ( dm ) annihilation is studied with : the direct search for dm scattering on ordinary matter ; the indirect study of dm annihilation via the secondary products , both charged and neutral ( e@xmath0 rays and lower frequency electromagnetic radiation ) .  ⁇ n the gamma - ray flux from dm annihilation is studied with : ( i ) the direct search for dm scattering on ordinary matter ; ( ii ) the indirect study of dm annihilation via the secondary products , both charged and neutral ( e@xmath1 , @xmath2 , @xmath3 , @xmath4 ) ; ( iii ) the search for dm annihilation via the secondary products , both charged and neutral ( e@xmath1 , @xmath5 ) ; and ( iv ) the search for d
b' we study the effects of new supersymmetric phases on the cp  ⁇ n violating observables in the constrained minimal supersymmetric standard model ( cmssm ) .  ⁇ n we show that , in the cmssm , the cp  ⁇ n violating observables can be significantly modified by the presence of new supersymmetric phases .  ⁇ 
b' we report on a 30 ksec xmm - newton observation of the radio - quiet neutron star 1e 1207.45209 .  ⁇ n the spectrum is characterized by two broad absorption features at 0.7 and 1.4 kev .  ⁇ 
b' we study the non - thermal emission from the shock interaction of a supernova ( sn ) embedded in a dense circumstellar medium ( csm ) .  ⁇ n we focus on the secondary electrons and positrons expected from the same @xmath0 collisions that give rise to neutrinos and gamma rays .  ⁇ n we show that these secondaries can emit detectable synchrotron radiation at high - frequency radio wavelength
b' we present a new method to reconstruct the initial mass field of the universe from the transmitted flux of the ly@xmath0 absorption in qso spectra .  ⁇ n the method is based on the assumption that the relation between the initial mass field and the transmitted flux is locally and monotonic .  ⁇ 
b' spike is a spectrometry processing innovative kernel , developed for ft mass spectrometry ( fticr ) and orbitrap .  ⁇ n spike is a generalization of the npk package , which is able to handle general processing and which can now be used for fticr and orbitrap as well as for nmr processing .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new technique for optical fiber monitoring in a sub - carrier multiplexed optical network ( scm - pon ) context .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new , deep , and complete survey of stars in the solar neighborhood .  ⁇ 
b' moving mesh pde ( mmpde ) methods have been used widely to approximate solutions of nonlinear partial differential equations that exhibit solutions having some type of singularity , such as self - similar blow - up or moving fronts .  ⁇ n a key parameter in the mmpde approach is the mesh relaxation time , usually denoted as @xmath0 .  ⁇ n previous work has shown that the mesh relaxation time is invariably taken to be a constant for any given simulation .  ⁇ n however , in practice the mesh must be tuned manually to optimize the behaviour of the computed mesh , and sometimes even to obtain a convergent numerical solution . in this paper  ⁇ n , we consider situations where taking constant @xmath0 may not be appropriate .  ⁇ n we present an algorithm that is capable of determining the value of @xmath0 automatically as part of the solution process without requiring the user to determine its value through trial and error .  ⁇ n we will present an approach for adaptively selecting @xmath0 in such a way that the temporal evolution
b' we present a partially reduced version of the qed lagrangian , based on mediating - field green functions , in which exact few - particle eigenstates of the resulting partially truncated hamiltonian can be obtained .  ⁇ 
b' we study the electronic structure of weyl semimetals , a class of materials with a finite number of disconnected points ( weyl or dirac points ) .  ⁇ n the fermi surface of these materials is described by a linear dispersion relation @xmath0 , where the velocity @xmath1 is of the order of the fermi velocity in regular condensed matter systems .  ⁇ n we calculate the electronic structure of the weyl semimetal @xmath2 , where @xmath3 is the velocity of the fermi velocity .  ⁇ n we find that the fermi surface of @xmath2 is a _  ⁇ n _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
b' we discuss the coarse - grained approach to the description of classical systems .  ⁇ n the coarse - grained model is a system of monoatomic molecules interacting by means of state - dependent pair potentials .  ⁇ n the latter are fixed by a structural requirement , the equality of a specific pair distribution function at a given thermodynamic state .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the low - energy electric dipole response of neutron - rich nuclei in the framework of a semi - relativistic transport model .  ⁇ n we show that the electric dipole response of neutron - rich nuclei is characterized by a strong pygmy dipole resonance ( pdr ) , a feature which is a manifestation of the neutron skin .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed analysis of the dilepton spectra in ultrarelativistic heavy ion collisions .  ⁇ n we discuss the dilepton spectra and the pion annihilation process .  ⁇ n we also discuss the pion annihilation process and the pion annihilation process .  ⁇ n we also discuss the pion annihilation process and the pion annihilation process . ' mississajous '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '
b' this paper surveys the eigenvalue relaxation of the max - cut problem .  ⁇ n the main motivation of this survey is to show how a solution of the sdp can be recovered from a solution of the eigenvalue relaxation .  ⁇ n a new geometric interpretation of the randomized algorithm is proposed .  ⁇ n the main advantage of the eigenvalue relaxation over the sdp relaxation is that the eigenvalue relaxation can be solved much faster than the sdp relaxation .  ⁇ n the main advantage of the eigenvalue relaxation over the sdp relaxation is that the eigenvalue relaxation can be solved much faster than the sdp relaxation .  ⁇ n the main motivation for this survey is to show how a solution of the sdp can be recovered from a solution of the eigenvalue relaxation .  ⁇ n a new geometric interpretation of the randomized algorithm is proposed . '
b' we present a new calculation of the energy loss of color - charged particles in nuclear matter .  ⁇ n the calculation includes the cronin effect , high - twist shadowing , and initial - state energy loss .  ⁇ n we show that both coherent and inelastic scattering on the nucleus have comparable impact on the observed cross section attenuation in this kinematic range .  ⁇ 
b' we report on the performance of multiwalled carbon nanotubes ( mwcnts ) as antennas .  ⁇ n the mwcnts are modeled as a set of coaxial , continuous , conducting cylinders accompanied by an appropriate kronig - penney - type potential in the radial direction .  ⁇ n the mwcnts are modeled as a set of asymmetric , coaxial , and asymmetric , asymmetric , and asymmetric , asymmetric , and asymmetric , asymmetric , and asymmetric , asymmetric , and asymmetric , asymmetric , and asymmetric , asymmetric , and asymmetric , asymmetric , and asymmetric , asymmetric , and asymmetric , asymmetric , and asymmetric , asymmetric , and asymmetric , asymmetric , and asymmetric , asymmetric , and asymmetric , asymmetric
b' we study the entanglement entropy of the four - gluon scattering , whose minimal surface was well studied by alday and maldacena .  ⁇ n we show that the entanglement entropy of the final state is a function of the scattering amplitude .  ⁇ n we also discuss the relation between the entanglement entropy and the wilson loop .  ⁇ n we find that the entanglement entropy of the final state is a function of the scattering amplitude .  ⁇ n we also discuss the relation between the entanglement entropy and the wilson loop . '
b' we study properties of a quantum information task based on a set of states , which represents _ how _ original quantum information is spread across the hilbert spaces of subsystems .  ⁇ n we show that the non - locality of the spread of quantum information is characterized by the existence of entanglement , or a non - local quantum correlation , of an individual state .  ⁇ 
b' we study the compton reflection of x - rays in the laboratory frame with a given initial spectrum .  ⁇ n the time evolution of the spectrum due to comptonization and multiple scattering of x - ray photons with thermal electrons due to comptonization is calculated .  ⁇ n the time evolution of the spectrum due to comptonization is calculated by using the transfer equation .  ⁇ 
b' we consider the problem of detecting the symmetries of a plane or a space curve , defined by means of a rational parametrization with integer coefficients .  ⁇ n we consider the case when the input is a plane or a space curve , and we want to deterministically detect the existence and nature of its symmetries .  ⁇ n we show that , in the affirmative case , the symmetries of the whole curve can be determined .  ⁇ n we also show that the symmetries of the whole curve can be determined by means of a simple algorithm .  ⁇ 
b' we study the zaklan model on ans using the majority - vote model ( mvm ) .  ⁇ n we show that the zaklan model on ans does not present a phase transition , but instead it does not present a phase transition on ans .  ⁇ n we also show that the mvm model is not suitable to study socio - economic models .  ⁇ n we also show that the zaklan model on ans does not present a phase transition on ans .  ⁇ n we also show that the zaklan model on ans does not present a phase transition on ans .  ⁇ n pacs numbers : 05.45.-a , 05.45.-a , 05.45.-a '
b' we consider the generalization of the geometric discord in terms of schatten @xmath0-norms .  ⁇ n more specifically , we show that the geometric discord as defined by the 1-norm is the only @xmath1-norm geometric discord invariant under the class of trace - preserving quantum channels considered in ref .  ⁇ n @xcite .  ⁇ n furthermore , by restricting the minimization to states in the bell - diagonal form , we analytically evaluate the 1-norm geometric discord for arbitrary bell - diagonal two - qubit states , finding out a very simple expression that is equivalent to the negativity of quantumness . as an illustration  ⁇ n , we compare our result with the entropic quantum discord and the 2-norm geometric discord , analyzing its monotonicity properties as a function
b' we study the electronic structure of interacting electrons in a band of a two - dimensional honeycomb lattice .  ⁇ n we show that the fermi liquid is a fixed point of a renormalization group transformation that is a function of the fermi velocity .  ⁇ n the renormalization group transformations are rescalings of the fermi velocity .  ⁇ 
b' we show that two major methods for the construction of low - density parity - check ( ldpc ) convolutional codes , based on the tanner and jimnez - feltstr "" om - zigangirov methods , are in fact tightly connected .  ⁇ n we also discuss a variety of ldpc convolutional code constructions .  ⁇ n we show that these two methods , once suitably generalized , are in fact tightly connected .  ⁇ n we establish this connection with the help of so - called graph covers .  ⁇ n we also discuss a variety of ldpc convolutional code constructions .  ⁇ n although the underlying principles are mathematically quite straightforward , it is important to understand how they can be applied to obtain convolutional codes with good performance and attractive encoder and decoder architectures .  ⁇ n finally , we discuss a variety of ldpc convolutional code constructions . '"
b' vitruv is a general purpose spectro - imager for the prima enabled vlti .  ⁇ n vitruv is a general purpose spectro - imager for the vlti .  ⁇ n vitruv is a general purpose spectro - imager for the vlti .  ⁇ n vitruv is a general purpose spectro - imager for the prima enabled vlti .  ⁇ n vitruv is a general purpose spectro - imager for the vlti .  ⁇ n vitruv is a general purpose spectro - imager for the vlti .  ⁇ n vitruv is a general purpose spectro - imager for the vlti .  ⁇ n vitruv is a general purpose spectro - imager for the prima enabled vlti .  ⁇ n vitruv is a general purpose spectro - imager for the vl
b' we present a generalization of the metric space technique ( mst ) to perform a multi - scale analysis of galaxy distributions .  ⁇ n the mst is based on the definition of a distance function to make the spaces of all such maps into a topological space .  ⁇ 
b' a personal overview of five topics that have been centrally placed in the field of nuclear - structure physics in respective decades is given .  ⁇ n those topics perhaps except for the most recently developed drip - line physics have been developed in the way either strictly followed from the ideas of bohr and mottelson or strongly influenced by their way of thinking physics .  ⁇ n the topics are those , the study of which i myself have also eagerly worked in .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed study of the quantum spin - glass transition in finite size samples of random graphs with a fixed connectivity .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new method for determining the mass - loss rate @xmath0 of wolf - rayet binaries .  ⁇ 
b' we study the d - brane gauge theory on the orbifold @
b' we study the impact of temporal networks on diffusion .  ⁇ n we first derive an analytical expression for the mean recurrence time for the active random walk , and then we consider a non - renewal process , called the passive random walk , in which interevent times are reset only on the links traversed at each jump .  ⁇ n we use the fact that the passive random walk shows a stronger non - markovianity than the active random walk , and we perform numerical simulations to test our analytical predictions .  ⁇ n we also compare the stationary density and mean recurrence time between the two types of walks . '
b' we present a new relation between the rest - frame spectral peak energy @xmath0 and the isotropic equivalent @xmath1-ray energy @xmath2 of gamma - ray bursts ( grbs ) .  ⁇ n the new relation is based on the amati relation .  ⁇ 
b' we study the effective field theory of the standard model - like higgs boson for a wide class of weakly coupled renormalisable new physics models extended by one type of scalar field(s ) and respecting cp symmetry .  ⁇ n we show that only a few types of interactions contribute to the higgs dimension-6 operators .  ⁇ n we also show that the scalar sector of these models can be mapped onto a scalar sector .  ⁇ n we show that the scalar sector of these models can be mapped onto a scalar sector of the standard model .  ⁇ n we also show that the scalar sector of these models can be mapped onto a scalar sector of the standard model .  ⁇ n we also show that the scalar sector of these models can be mapped onto a scalar sector of the standard model .  ⁇ n we also show that the scalar sector of these models can be mapped onto a scalar sector of the standard model .  ⁇ 
b' we study the cosmological evolution of dark energy in two models : a cosmological constant and a slowly - evolving scalar field .  ⁇ n we assume that the dark energy density is either a cosmological constant or a slowly - evolving scalar field .  ⁇ n we assume that the dark energy density is a spatially - homogeneous fluid with equation of state @
b' we report the open heavy - flavour production via hadronic decays of d mesons and the semileptonic decays of charm and beauty hadrons in pp collisions at @xmath0 = 2.76 tev and in p  ⁇ n pb collisions at @xmath1 = 5.02 tev and in pb pb collisions at @xmath1 = 2.76 tev .  ⁇ 
b' we describe a method for determining the total solar neutrino fluxes ( @xmath0b and @xmath1b ) , and the sterile contribution to the total solar neutrino fluxes ( @xmath2 ) .  ⁇ n we use the lma solution of the solar neutrino problems and the correctness of the lma solution of the solar neutrino problems .  ⁇ n we show that the total solar neutrino fluxes can be determined by comparing charged current observables measured in different experiments .  ⁇ n we then describe how similar techniques can be applied to determine total solar neutrino fluxes using a charged current experiment plus a neutrino - electron scattering experiment , which yields results that depend more on the sterile neutrino mix but which can nevertheless be relatively accurate .  ⁇ n we estimate the expected precision with which different quantities can be measured rely upon simulations of the performance of the relevant experiments .  ⁇ n we also describe how similar techniques can be applied to determine total solar neutrino fluxes using
b' in this paper , we propose a set of four rules to characterize the node importance in common circumstances .  ⁇ n these rules can be inserted or removed as needed to accommodate the particular real - world situations .  ⁇ n however , these rules often conflict to the others .  ⁇ n we need a solution to resolve the conflicts among these order relationships .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a study of the radial velocities of the satellite galaxies of andromeda ( m31 ) based on the _ keck _ spectrographs .  ⁇ n the radial velocities of the six dwarf spheroidal ( dsph ) companions to m31 are used to estimate the total mass of the extended halo of m31 .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the emission of unparticles in sn cores .  ⁇ n we show that the sn 1987a energy - loss argument provides very restrictive constraints on the couplings of unparticles to nucleons , neutrinos , electrons and muons .  ⁇ n we also discuss the astrophysical limits on the couplings of unparticles to standard model particles . '
b' we study the variable kondo effect in a two - impurity kondo model .  ⁇ n the kondo effect is induced by the kondo effect and the ruderman - kittel - kasuya - yosida interaction .  ⁇ 
"b"" quantum theory ( qt ) is a formalism with both continuous elements ( quantum fields ) and discrete elements ( atomic energy levels ) .  ⁇ n qt fundamentally conflicts with gr , but gr fundamentally conflicts with gr s principle - based framework .  ⁇ n i argue that the details of this unresolved tension ( between the continuous and discrete aspects of qt ) provide us with important clues as to whether nature is fundamentally digital or analog .  ⁇ n i argue that the best analogies to qt are found in the discrete modes of continuous boundary value problems .  ⁇ n if the discreteness of qt does indeed arise in this manner , then ( together with gr ) all of modern physics would be built upon a continuous foundation .  ⁇ n if the discreteness of qt does indeed arise in the discrete modes of continuous boundary value problems , then ( together with gr ) all of modern physics would be built upon a continuous foundation .  ⁇ n if the discreteness of qt does
b' we examine phantom models with negative kinetic terms .  ⁇ n we examine the behavior of such models , and we determine the asymptotic behavior of such models , and the generic conditions for the existence of a future singularity .  ⁇ n we also examine the solution to the coincidence problem for these models .  ⁇ 
b' cloud radio access networks ( c - rans ) are a promising solution to sustain the explosive traffic demand in wireless communications .  ⁇ n the full - scale coordination of rrhs over a large network requires prohibitively high computational complexity .  ⁇ n a main challenge of c - ran is to design scalable coordination algorithms , where _ scalable _ means : 1 ) the performance is near the optimum performance of full - scale rrh coordination , 2 ) the normalized computational complexity per rrh does not grow with the network size , or equivalently , the total computational complexity grows linearly with the network size . in this paper  ⁇ 
b' we study the superconducting properties of a single copper oxygen plane by means of a two - dimensional model .  ⁇ n we show that the superconducting state can be induced by driving phonons with light , if the interlayer hopping is perpendicular to the copper oxygen layers .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new approach to the problem of radiative transfer in astrophysical plasmas .  ⁇ n the approach is based on the assumption that the astrophysical plasma permeatted by radiation is in the physical conditions of the so - called local thermodynamic equilibrium ( lte ) .  ⁇ 
b' we present the first complete maps of the kinematics and stellar populations of the elliptical galaxy ngc4365 .  ⁇ 
b' we present sub - arcsecond resolution images of a sample of low - frequency - variable ( lfv ) sources .  ⁇ n the sources were selected from the papers of cotton ( 1976 ) , spangler & cotton ( 1981 ) , fanti et al .  ⁇ n ( 1981 ) , fanti et al .  ⁇ n ( 1981 ) , fanti et al .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the problem of error correction in network coding , where the injection of even a single erroneous packet in the network has the potential to corrupt each and every packet received by a given sink node .  ⁇ 
b' we present the status of the tagging system of an electron beam at the u70 accelerator at protvino , russia .  ⁇ n the energy resolution of the electron beam is 1% .  ⁇ n the tagging system consists of a spectrometer magnet and four drift chamber stations .  ⁇ n the absolute value of the beam momentum was measured with a precision of 0.13% at 45 gev .  ⁇ n the same beam channel was able to provide a high intensity ( up to @xmath0 per accelerator spill ) 40 gev pion beam .  ⁇ n the same beam channel was able to provide a high intensity ( up to @xmath1 per accelerator spill ) 40 gev pion beam .  ⁇ n the same beam channel was able to provide a high intensity ( up to @xmath2 per accelerator spill ) 40 gev pion beam .  ⁇ n the energy resolution of the electromagnetic calorimeter prototype was measured with a precision of 1% . '
b' we investigate the effect of an externally applied magnetic field on proton and ion acceleration in a flat solid - density target .  ⁇ n we find that a kt - level external magnetic field can sufficiently suppress transverse transport of hot electrons in a flat laser - irradiated target .  ⁇ n while the electron heating by the laser remains mostly unaffected , the reduced electron transport during proton acceleration leads to an enhancement of the maximum proton energies and the overall number of energetic protons .  ⁇ n the resulting proton beam is extremely well collimated compared to a beam generated without applying a kt - level magnetic field .  ⁇ n a factor of three enhancement of the laser energy conversion efficiency into multi - mev protons is also important effect of the external magnetic field . '
b' we present a search for ultra - high energy neutrinos from gamma - ray bursts ( grbs ) using the anita long duration balloon experiment .  ⁇ n the anita - i experiment is a nasa long duration balloon experiment that searches for coherent , impulsive , broadband radio emission from electromagnetic showers induced by neutrino interactions in the antarctic ice sheet .  ⁇ n the anita trigger requires coherent power in neighboring antennas , and the threshold is limited by thermal noise emission from the ice .  ⁇ n over 98.5% of recorded events were fluctuations of thermal noise .  ⁇ n we construct a more sensitive search for neutrinos from grbs compared to the previously reported diffuse uhe neutrino search with anita - ii .  ⁇ n we find that the anita - ii search is sensitive to neutrinos from grbs above 10@xmath0 gev , with a 90% confidence level upper limit of @xmath1 .
b' we present a detailed analysis of the rotation measure ( rm ) of pulsars and extragalactic radio sources in the inner galaxy .  ⁇ n we find that the rms of pulsars and extragalactic sources suggest that the direction of the regular magnetic field is clockwise .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed analysis of the globular cluster evolution in the presence of differential reddening .  ⁇ n we find that the tidal tails around the giant globular cluster @
b' we present a hybrid method for combining classical molecular dynamics ( md ) and monte carlo ( mc ) simulations of dislocation nucleation in nanoscale samples .  ⁇ 
b' we study the effect of pre - equilibrium momentum anisotropy on the azimuthal distribution of partons in a quark - gluon plasma ( qgp ) .  ⁇ n we find that the azimuthal distribution of partons in the qgp is strongly anisotropic .  ⁇ 
b' we study the quantum correlations of two - body reduced states , focusing on the relation between the properties of the reduced states and the properties of the global state .  ⁇ n we show that the general quantumness of correlations of reduced states can be deduced from the properties of the global state , and that strictly classical reduced states are always compatible with a global state that is not genuine tripartite entangled .  ⁇ n we also show that the strict classicality of the two - body correlations makes it impossible to certify genuine tripartite entanglement based on the knowledge of the reduced states . '
b' we study the effects of rotation on the radiation driven winds of early - type supergiants .  ⁇ n we focus on the explanation for the occurrence of disks around fast rotating b[e ] supergiants .  ⁇ 
b' we analyse the type ia supernovae data for the generalized chaplygin gas model ( gcgm ) .  ⁇ n we use the bayesian statistics and the sne ia data to constrain the free parameters of the model .  ⁇ n we find that the gcgm is a good candidate to describe the present acceleration of the universe .  ⁇ 
b' we present a novel approach to the explicit construction of liouville integrable coupled systems of odes endowed with lie poisson symmetries .  ⁇ n the method presented here establishes a novel connection between poisson lie groups and integrable deformations of dynamical systems .  ⁇ n in particular , we apply the formalism here introduced to obtain new integrable deformations of certain lorenz and rssler systems , as well as of some coupled versions of them .  ⁇ n we stress that the method presented here is completely general and could be applied to any other interesting hamiltonian systems of odes endowed with a lie poisson symmetry .  ⁇ n in particular , we apply the formalism here introduced in order to obtain new integrable deformations of certain lorenz and rssler systems , as well as of some coupled versions of them .  ⁇ n we also give a detailed technical presentation of the construction of poisson  ⁇ nlie groups as deformations of lie bialgebras .  ⁇ n integrable deformations of
b' we study the inflation model driven by the linear potential derived from the axion monodromy inflation model , taking a correction term for non - perturbative effects into account .  ⁇ n we point out that the correction term in derivatives of the potential is subdominant in the potential , and it is subdominant in the potential .  ⁇ n we point out that the correction term increases the predicted scalar spectral index to as much as 0.1 - 0.15 for the number of the inflatons .  ⁇ n we also point out that the correction term in derivatives of the potential is negligible .  ⁇ n we also point out that the correction term in derivatives of the potential is quite important in the evaluation of the inflationary observables . '
b' we present a new method for calculating the gravitational radiation emitted by a particle in a circular orbit around a rapidly rotating black hole .  ⁇ n the method is based on the post - newtonian expansion of the spheroidal harmonics .  ⁇ n we use this method to calculate the energy and waveforms for a particle in a circular orbit around a rapidly rotating black hole .  ⁇ 
b' development of cherenkov - drift instability in the relativistic magnetized plasma is studied .  ⁇ n the instability is caused by the motion of relativistic electrons and positrons along slightly curved magnetic field lines .  ⁇ n the growth rate of the instability is calculated for different cases .  ⁇ n it is shown that the growth rate of the instability is proportional to the square root of the lorentz factor of the beam .  ⁇ n the growth rate is shown to be proportional to the square root of the lorentz factor of the beam .  ⁇ n the growth rate is proportional to the square root of the lorentz factor of the beam .  ⁇ n the growth rate is proportional to the square root of the lorentz factor of the beam .  ⁇ n the growth rate is proportional to the square root of the lorentz factor of the beam .  ⁇ n the growth rate is proportional to the square root of the lorentz factor of the beam .  ⁇ n the growth rate is proportional to the square root of the lorentz factor of the beam .
b' we perform a self - consistent @xmath0-body simulation of the evolution of a satellite galaxy , in which both the satellite and the parent galaxy are treated as @xmath0-body systems .  ⁇ n we find that the orbital eccentricity of the satellite tends to be approximately constant .  ⁇ n we also find that the orbital eccentricity of the satellite is approximately constant .  ⁇ n we also find that the orbital eccentricity of the satellite is approximately constant .  ⁇ 
b' we study the flavor changing processes of jets in a quark gluon plasma .  ⁇ 
b' we suggest a mechanism , which provides suppression of neutrino masses .  ⁇ n the mechanism does not have extra dimensional nature .  ⁇ n namely , by introducing extended charged scalar multiplets in @xmath0 , @xmath1 or @xmath2 representations , neutrinos gain masses of a needed value .  ⁇ n @xmath0 dimensional plets are efficient if fundamental scale lies in a range @xmath5 tev , while for @xmath8 few tev @xmath2-plets should be involved .  ⁇ n suggested mechanism can be successfully applied also for low scale susy theories .  ⁇ n we also address question of low scale unification which , within low scale susy theories , has different insight .  ⁇ n we also address question of low scale unification which , within low scale susy theories , has different insight .  ⁇ n we also address question of low scale unification which , within low scale susy theories , has different insight .  ⁇ 
b' we introduce a novel generalization of derivatives of both riemann liouville and caputo types and show the effect of using it in equations of mathematical physics or related to probability .  ⁇ n we start by analyzing the time - fractional heat equation involving hilfer prabhakar derivatives .  ⁇ n we discuss the main differences between the solution of the cauchy problems involving the non - regularized and the regularized operators .  ⁇ n we also discuss a fel - type integro - differential equation involving hilfer prabhakar derivatives .  ⁇ n we also discuss a renewal point process involving a time - changed poisson process .  ⁇ n we give a complete discussion of the main properties of this process , providing also the explicit form of the probability generating function , a subordination representation in terms of a time - changed poisson process , and its renewal structure .  ⁇ 
b' the oceanpal project at starlab focuses on the development of technologies for operational in - situ or low - altitude water surface monitoring using gnss reflections ( gnss - r ) .  ⁇ n this paper reports on an experimental campaign dedicated to sea - state monitoring using coastal gnss reflections .  ⁇ n the experiment , carried out at the port coeli station , was carried out in december 2003 .  ⁇ n the ground truth used for validation of the results is described .  ⁇ n a geophysical analysis based on the correlation time of the reflected field is then presented .  ⁇ n the results are compared to wind speed and buoy observables swh and mwp .  ⁇ n the results are compared to wind speed and buoy observables swh and mwp . '
b' we present a near infrared colour magnitude diagram ( cmd ) of the recently discovered ring structure in the canis major constellation .  ⁇ n the cmd shows a red giant branch ( rgb ) extending to @xmath0 and a pronounced red clump ( rc ) at @x
b' we use a non - lte monte carlo code to calculate the @xmath0co column density in artificial molecular clouds ( mcs ) .  ⁇ n the density and velocity fields are obtained as solutions of the magneto - hydrodynamic equations in a 128@xmath1 periodic grid and in both super - alfvnic and highly supersonic regimes of random flows .  ⁇ n the resulting density fields span a continuous range of values from 0.1 to 10@xmath3 @xmath4 which produce column densities ranging over three orders of magnitude or more .  ⁇ n the resulting density fields span a continuous range of values from 0.1 to 10@xmath3 @xmath4 which produce column densities ranging over three orders of magnitude or more .  ⁇ n the resulting column densities are underestimated by the usual lte approximations .  ⁇ n the resulting @x
b' we discuss the possibility of a charged nlsp ( cnlsp ) which are stopped in the main detector or surrounding rock .  ⁇ n the cnlsp is the gravitino @xmath0 , which is the superpartner of the graviton .  ⁇ n the cnlsp decays in the main detectors , and the cnlsp is stopped in the rock .  ⁇ n the cnlsp decays in the main detectors can be studied in detail .  ⁇ n we show that the cnlsp decays can be studied in detail .  ⁇ n we also discuss the possibility of a displaced vertex in the cnlsp decays .  ⁇ n lpt - tp-09 - 05 + hep - ph/090909 + hep - ph/090909 + hep - ph/090909 + hep - ph/090909 + hep - 
b' we present a new method for computing the probability mass of the stochastic alpha , beta , rho model at the origin .  ⁇ n the method is based on the sabr model , and is based on the sabr model s asymptotic formula .  ⁇ 
b' we study the one - loop process @xmath0 , where @x
b' we consider three prototype instabilities generated by external loads in an incompressible isotropic elastic body made out of either an elastomer or a biological soft tissue material .  ⁇ n we look in turn at the instabilities generated when a half - space is compressed , when a spherical membrane shell is inflated , and when a spherical shell with arbitrary thickness is compressed .  ⁇ n we find that soft tissues behave differently from elastomers when it comes to stability analysis .  ⁇ n for instance half - spaces made of soft tissues are stable in compression , whereas half - spaces made of elastomers always possess a critical stretch beyond which surface instabilities develop .  ⁇ n similar conclusions are drawn for inflation instabilities of spherical membrane shells .  ⁇ n however , thick - walled spherical shells are found more unstable in compression when made of soft tissues than when made of elastomers .  ⁇ n the general conclusion is that caution must be exercised when choosing an appropriate model
b' the antarctic neutrino telescope amanda and the future km@xmath0 icecube are designed to observe high - energy neutrinos from astrophysical sources .  ⁇ n the ice is instrumented with photomultipliers to pick up the cherenkov light from secondary charged particles .  ⁇ n the density of optical modules is far too sparse to measure the expected small fluxes at high energie
b' this paper presents a novel approach for learning task - oriented features .  ⁇ n the proposed approach is based on a deep neural network ( dnn ) , which learns task - oriented features layer by layer from very raw input .  ⁇ n the dnn model does not use any information about the phone content , which leads to difficulty when inferring speaker - discriminative features .  ⁇ 
b' we study the interference pattern of a two - path interferometer .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the structural and photometric properties of galaxies in 14 southern abell clusters .  ⁇ n the sample consists of 507 galaxies .  ⁇ n the structural parameters were obtained in coenda et al .  ⁇ n ( 2005 ) .  ⁇ 
b' i investigate the structure of the low end of the spectrum of lattice dirac operators .  ⁇ n i show that the chiral limit of the pion and the rho mass can be reconciled with the failure of the instantons to reproduce the correct physics .  ⁇ 
b' we study the kinetics of solidification and melting processes , where the influence of elastic effects is modeled as a free boundary problem .  ⁇ n we derive the boundary conditions and the equations of motion for the interfaces between different phases , and we show that the resulting free boundary problem is a very useful tool to study the dynamics of solidification and melting processes .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new determination of the primordial level of @xmath0li based on the li abundances of a sample of metal - poor dwarf stars .  ⁇ n the li abundances of the dwarf stars are derived from the li abundances of the stars in the spite plateau , which is a thin , incredibly  ⁇  thin '' plateau .  ⁇ 
b' we suggest a straightforward generalization of the chiral vortaic effect ( cve ) , which leads to generation of all conserved - charge currents .  ⁇ n in particular , we address the case of the _ baryonic _ charge and the corresponding asymmetries of baryons , especially neutrons , which can be measured by the multipurpose detector ( mpd ) at the nuclotron - based ion collider facility ( nica ) at the joint institute for nuclear research ( jinr ) .  ⁇ n we show that cve provides another source for the observed consequences of cme relating with both light and strange quarks .  ⁇ n we also discuss the possibility of measuring the asymmetries of neutrons ( not affected by cme ) by mpd at the nica . '
b' we study the exclusive production of pions in deep inelastic scattering .  ⁇ n we consider the exclusive process @xmath0 .  ⁇ 
b' a general overview of the general expectations for gamma - ray burst emission spectra from shock acceleration theory is presented .  ⁇ n the focus is on grbs observed by the compton gamma - ray observatory , specifically those with egret detections that provide broad spectral coverage and therefore more constrained fits to burst spectra .  ⁇ n it is found that acceptable fits are only possible with a marked dominance of non - thermal electrons , contrasting the particle distributions obtained from acceleration simulations .  ⁇ n in addition , fits are found to be more or less equally acceptable for the synchrotron and inverse compton processes .  ⁇ n however , spectroscopic discrimination against unabsorbed synchrotron self - compton scenarios seems likely at this junture , given that the characteristically broad spectral coverage of egret detections is limited by the spectral peak .  ⁇ n a spectroscopic discrimination against unabsorbed synchrotron self - compton scenarios is expected to be possible at this
b' we present a detailed analysis of the metallicities of red giant branch ( rgb ) stars in andromeda .  ⁇ n we use phat photometry to measure the mean stellar metallicity gradients in the rgb stars .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the possibility of detecting quadrupole - quadrupole interactions between ultracold atoms in a realistic experiment .  ⁇ n we consider a mott insulator state in a 2d optical square lattice and under strong confinement in the third direction .  ⁇ n we propose to measure the mean - field shift of a mott insulator in a 2d optical square lattice as a function of the angles @xmath0 and @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we also consider a quasi-2d fermi gas of spin - polarized atoms in continuum . '
b' we investigate the transition from the paramagnetic to the spin - glass phase in the random erds - rnyi network with enhanced clustering coefficient @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the transition temperature @xmath1 is compared with the predictions of the bethe theory .  ⁇ n the bethe theory is used to calculate the transition temperature @xmath2 .  ⁇ n the bethe theory is used to calculate the transition temperature @xmath3 .  ⁇ n the bethe theory is used to calculate the transition temperature @xmath4 .  ⁇ n the bethe theory is used to calculate the transition temperature @xmath5 .  ⁇ n the bethe theory is used to calculate the transition temperature @xmath6 . '
b' we study the quantum random walk ( qrw ) on a line .  ⁇ 
b' this paper presents a shape - theoretical framework for geometric trees .  ⁇ n the main theoretical contributions are the construction of a mathematical tree - shape framework along with a geometric analysis of two natural metrics on the shape space .  ⁇ 
b' these lecture notes provide an overview of the physics of structure formation starting after the inflationary epoch , going through recombination , and extending to the present day .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the effect of qed corrections on the evolution of parton distribution functions in hadron colliders .  ⁇ n we find that the qed corrections have only a very small effect on the evolution of quarks and gluons , but they do have two interesting effects .  ⁇ n first , they necessarily lead to isospin - violating effects , and they necessarily lead to isospin - violating effects .  ⁇ n second , they necessarily lead to isospin - violating effects , and they necessarily lead to isospin - violating effects .  ⁇ n we show that the qed corrections to the evolution of parton distribution functions are not negligible , and that they can be resummed to a consistent way .  ⁇ n we also show that the qed corrections to the evolution of parton distribution functions are not negligible , and that they can be resummed to a consistent way .  ⁇ 
b' i discuss the sign of @xmath0 and the leptonic cp violation in the standard 3 @xmath1 mixing scheme .  ⁇ n i also discuss the possibility of measuring the absolute masses of neutrinos .  ⁇ n i also discuss the possibility of measuring the cp violating phase in the leptonic kobayashi - maskawa phase .  ⁇ n i also discuss the possibility of measuring the cp violating phase in the leptonic kobayashi - maskawa phase .  ⁇ n i also discuss the possibility of measuring the cp violating phase in the leptonic kobayashi - maskawa phase .  ⁇ n i also discuss the possibility of measuring the cp violating phase in the leptonic kobayashi - maskawa phase .  ⁇ n i also discuss the possibility of measuring the cp violating phase in the leptonic kobayashi - maskawa phase .  ⁇ n i also discuss the possibility of measuring the cp violating phase in the leptonic
b' we present a dimpled fiber taper probe for nondestructive characterization of on - chip photonic components .  ⁇ n the probe is made from a standard straight fiber taper pressed against a mold and heated .  ⁇ n the taper s narrowest part is pressed against a mold with the taper s evanescent tails extending significantly into the surrounding medium .  ⁇ n the dimpled taper probe is designed for rapid , wafer - scale characterization of on - chip photonic components such as waveguides and resonant filters .  ⁇ n we demonstrate the utility of the dimpled taper probe for characterization of two types of devices on a silicon - on - insulator wafer platform : a dense two - dimensional array of high-@xmath0 silicon microdisk resonators and a planar microring resonator . '
b' we consider a class of discrete nonlinear schrdinger equations with a general type of nonlinearity characterized by a nonlocal response as well as an arbitrary polynomial dependence on the intensity .  ⁇ n we show that , under certain conditions , the peierls - nabarro potential ( pnp ) can be made exactly zero .  ⁇ n we also show that the corresponding equations are generally not integrable , leading to nontrivial soliton dynamics .  ⁇ n we present examples of equations that conserve the total energy ( or norm ) , suggesting that the predicted effects can be observed in specially engineered periodic structures . '
b' in this work , we define the non - local derivative on fractals .  ⁇ n the non - local derivatives can be successfully used to derive new mathematical models on fractals involving processes with memory effect .  ⁇ n we also introduce mittag - leffler function and non - local laplace fractional on fractals .  ⁇ n we solved the non - local differential equations on fractal using the suggested methods . '
b' we present a new method to measure the lense - thirring effect in the gravitational field of the earth .  ⁇ n the method is based on the renormalization group approach and is based on the renormalization group equations of motion .  ⁇ 
b' we study the optical one exciton - biexciton transition in a one dimensional organic charge transfer solid .  ⁇ n the system is composed of planar aromatic donors and acceptor molecules alternately arranged along a one - dimensional stack .  ⁇ n we show that , in the case of biexcitonic states , the intensity of the optical one exciton - biexciton transition may decrease when the binding energy of the biexcitonic state decreases .  ⁇ n we also show that , in the case of biexcitonic states , the intensity of the optical one exciton - biexciton transition may decrease when the binding energy of the biexcitonic state is increased .  ⁇ 
b' we study a light - cone gauge bosonic string field theory in noncritical space - time dimensions .  ⁇ n we give the energy - momentum tensor and the action of the theory and calculate the correlation functions .  ⁇ n we show that the energy - momentum tensor possesses desired properties , and construct a brst invariant formulation of the worldsheet theory .  ⁇ n we also show that the worldsheet theory for the noncritical case can be constructed by combining the cft for the noncritical case with the worldsheet theory for the light - cone gauge string in noncritical dimensions .  ⁇ n we also show that the brst invariant worldsheet theory for the noncritical case is a cft with the right virasoro central charge .  ⁇ n if the worldsheet theory for the noncritical case is a cft with the right virasoro central charge , we can define a brst invariant worldsheet theory .  ⁇ n if the worldsheet theory for the noncritical case is a
b' we present a method for enhancing the spectral properties of spontaneous parametric down - conversion ( spdc ) photon - pair sources .  ⁇ n the spectral properties of the source are controlled by adjusting the crystal s nonlinearity profile .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new method for determining the physical properties of high velocity clouds ( hvcs ) in the local group .  ⁇ 
b' we study the dynamics of the hantavirus pulmonary syndrome ( hps ) in the four corners region , in the north american southwest .  ⁇ n we consider a simple mathematical model for the spatio - temporal patterns in the spread of this epizootic .  ⁇ n the model predicts a critical transition from a state with a positive prevalence of the infection in the population ( an infected phase ) to a state without infection .  ⁇ 
b' we have studied the time evolution of non - strange and strange baryons in an elementary volume in phase - space from the time evolution of longitudinal - to - transverse momentum spectra of non - strange and strange baryons .  ⁇ n the time evolution of non - strange and strange baryons in an elementary volume in phase - space has been studied in the framework of urqmd .  ⁇ 
b' in this paper , we study the problem of matrix multiplication in a series of rounds , where the computations are decomposed into rounds and , within each round , into independent tasks .  ⁇ n we first provide a formal specification of the model , aimed at overcoming some limitations of the previous modeling efforts , and then derive interesting tradeoffs between memory constraints and round complexity for the fundamental problem of matrix multiplication and some of its applications .  ⁇ n we then derive interesting tradeoffs between memory constraints and round complexity for the fundamental problem of matrix multiplication and some of its applications . '
b' this talk reviews the status of ultra- and extremely high energy neutrino astronomy focusing , first of all , on operating and planned deep underwater / ice cherenkov neutrino telescopes focusing , first of all , on operating and planned deep underwater / ice cherenkov neutrino telescopes .  ⁇ n the main goal of this talk is to present the status of neutrino astronomy focusing , first of all , on operating and planned deep underwater / ice cherenkov neutrino telescopes focusing , first of all , on operating and planned deep underwater / ice cherenkov neutrino telescopes .  ⁇ n the main goal of this talk is to provide a comprehensive overview of the status of ultra- and extremely high energy neutrino astronomy focusing , first of all , on operating and planned deep underwater / ice cherenkov neutrino telescopes focusing , first of all , on operating and planned deep underwater / ice cherenkov neutrino telescopes focusing , first of all 
b' we consider an array of harmonically coupled overdamped anharmonic oscillators subject to additive noise .  ⁇ n the system exhibits a continuous phase transition with a critical point and a mean field critical exponent .  ⁇ n we show that the critical point deviates from the result of a gaussian approximation .  ⁇ n we also give a different proof of uniqueness of the critical point .  ⁇ n we also show that the critical point can be computed up to a quadrature . '
b' we demonstrate that a low energy @xmath0 testbed can be constructed as a proof - of - principle for the nlc .  ⁇ n this can serve as the basis for a physics program at the testbed facility , e.g. , heavy quark meson spectroscopy .  ⁇ n we discuss the implications for heavy quark meson spectroscopy . '
b' the infrared absorption spectrum of the normal species of phthalic acid monomethylester ( pmme ) is studied in the range of the oh - stretching fundamental transition around 3000 .  ⁇ n two complementary models are considered .  ⁇ n first , a five - dimensional gas phase hamiltonian is determined and diagonalized to obtain detailed insight into the composition of vibrational eigenstates in the considered spectral range .  ⁇ n second , hybrid quantum mechanics / molecular mechanics simulations of classical trajectories of pmme in ccl@xmath0 solution are performed .  ⁇ n besides an analysis of the hb geometry in solution , the dipole - dipole autocorrelation function is calculated from which the infrared absorption spectrum is obtained .  ⁇ n the results are compared with experimental data . '
b' the article presents a simple model of the human social network , in which agents interact with each other , and  ⁇ n are subject to random times of meeting .  ⁇ n the model is based on a short course given in summer 2012 at warwick and cornell .  ⁇ 
b' we analyze a generic protocol to establish remote entanglement between a pair of distinguishable quantum memories using a two - photon interference scheme .  ⁇ n unlike single - photon entanglement protocols , two - photon interference schemes are not interferometrically sensitive to the optical pathlength , which may permit practical long - distance entanglement .  ⁇ n we characterize the fidelity of the protocol through a general analysis of the two - photon interference .  ⁇ n we then apply this protocol to a few selected systems for the entanglement of accessible pairs of quantum memories : two spectrally filtered atomic qubits , two cavity - coupled solid - state qubits , and a single solid - state qubit and a single atomic qubit .  ⁇ n these schemes may be implemented using previously demonstrated experimental techniques , and thus may be accessible by experiments in the near - term . '
b' we present first - principles density functional calculations of the adsorption of molybdenum disulfide ( mos@
b' we present a detailed study of the evolution of cosmological perturbations when both baryonic and dark matter are considered .  ⁇ n we use a high - resolution shock - capturing method to follow the evolution of the baryonic and dark components .  ⁇ n we find that the evolution of the baryonic and dark components is very similar .  ⁇ 
b' we present x - ray and optical observations of the richness class 1 cluster abcg 85 .  ⁇ n abcg 85 is a nearby cluster , with a cd galaxy close to its center .  ⁇ n the cluster x - ray properties are peaked , with emission from individual cluster member galaxies , an x - ray emitting subcluster south of the cluster center , and a superposed foreground group of galaxies .  ⁇ n abcg 85 itself exhibits preferential alignments on scales from 100 kpc to @xmath0mpc ( in projection on the sky ) .  ⁇ n in particular , the cluster cd galaxy is elongated along the same position angle as a large filamentary structure in x - rays roughly coinciding with the optical position of abcg 87 .  ⁇ n abcg 89 is not detected as an extended x - ray source .  ⁇ n we discuss the alignments and/or structures in the abcg 85
b' we propose a novel optical absorber based on sierpinski carpet .  ⁇ n the proposed device consists of an array of silver nanobricks on top of a thin silicon dioxide platform .  ⁇ n the proposed experimentally feasible metallo - dielectric super absorber is capable of absorbing light in the visible spectrum ( @xmath0 nm ) with a simulated average absorption more than @xmath1% .  ⁇ n performing three - dimensional simulations based on finite integration technique ( fit ) , we theoretically investigate the effect of propagative and localized plasmon modes and localized magnetic and electric dipole resonances on enhancing the efficiency of proposed light trapping structure .  ⁇ n these results suggest alternative schemes for design and improvement of subwavelength high performance optical absorbers , sensors and thermal emitters . '
b' we present a test of non - gaussianity in the wmap data .  ⁇ n we use the spherical mexican hat wavelet transform to study the non - gaussianity on scales of @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we find that the non - gaussianity is asymmetric in the southern hemisphere , with a significant genus asymmetry in the northern hemisphere .  ⁇ n we also find that the genus asymmetry is asymmetric in the southern hemisphere , with a significant genus asymmetry in the northern hemisphere .  ⁇ n we also find that the genus asymmetry is asymmetric in the southern hemisphere , with a significant genus asymmetry in the northern hemisphere .  ⁇ n we also find that the genus asymmetry is asymmetric in the southern hemisphere , with a positive genus asymmetry in the northern hemisphere .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the ages and metallicities of globular star clusters ( gcs ) in the spheroids of nearby galaxies .  ⁇ 
b' we present an accurate analysis of the near - infrared photometric properties of 538 rr lyrae variables ( 376 rrab and 162 rrc ) in 16 globular clusters ( gcs ) with @xmath0 ⁇ -0.9 $ ] .  ⁇ n the derived pl@xmath0 relation is used to estimate the distance to the calibrator gcs and to a sample of field rr lyrae stars in the large magellanic cloud ( lmc ) .  ⁇ n the results are compared with the previous determinations in literature .  ⁇ n the derived pl@xmath0 relation is used to estimate the distance to the calibrator gcs and to a sample of field rr lyrae stars in the lmc .  ⁇ n the results are compared with the previous determinations in literature . '
b' we numerically investigated the dynamical mechanism of synchronization in hodgkin - huxley neuron networks .  ⁇ n we first studied the dynamics of the response of hodgkin - huxley neuron to excitatory synaptic current .  ⁇ n when the efficacy of synapse is low , namely , strength is weak and duration is short , the limit cycle is stable to the perturbation of the synaptic current .  ⁇ n when synaptic efficacy is high , synaptic current can induce the transition of the neurons from limit cycle to fixed point or transient state .  ⁇ n the transition is determined by dynamics of neuron s ionic channel .  ⁇ n the decrease of synaptic current depresses the feedback of sodium ionic current which is responsible for the initiation of spike .  ⁇ n the decrease of synaptic current depresses the feedback of sodium ionic current which is responsible for the initiation of spike .  ⁇ n the transition is determined by dynamics of neuron s ionic channel
"b"" we present a new , unified , and universal distribution function for astronomical objects .  ⁇ n we show that the mass function of the universe from @xmath0 ( 100 meter - size asteroids ) to at least @
b' we propose a simple and easily parallelizable monte - carlo algorithm for the computation of the diamond norm between quantum channels .  ⁇ n the algorithm is based on the fano representation of quantum states and quantum operations .  ⁇ n we show that our algorithm provides reliable results for the case , most significant for present - day implementations of quantum information processing , of single - qubit quantum channels .  ⁇ n furthermore , in the fano representation quantum operations are described by affine maps whose matrix elements have precise physical meaning : they are directly related to the evolution of the expectation values of the system s polarization measurements . '
b' we present a theoretical study of the current - phase relation ( cpr ) in ballistic graphene superconductor - normal metal - superconductor josephson junctions .  ⁇ n the cpr is calculated using the self - consistent tight - binding ( tb ) formalism , where the tb formalism is applied to the dirac spectrum .  ⁇ n we show that the tb formalism correctly captures the cpr , and that the dbdg approach captures the cpr .  ⁇ n we also show that the dbdg approach is able to reproduce the cpr , and that the cpr is a good approximation to the dbdg results .  ⁇ n we also show that the dbdg approach is able to reproduce the cpr , and that the cpr is a good approximation to the dbdg results .  ⁇ n we also show that the dbdg approach
b' we present the infrared spectra of diamondoid molecules containing around 130 c atoms .  ⁇ n the diamondoid molecules are a special class of hydrocarbons , which are faced - fused diamond cages .  ⁇ n the spectra of diamondoid molecules are obtained by co - adding all diamondoid solid - state spectra obtained by @xcite .  ⁇ 
b' we present a fabry - perot [ feii]@xmath0 m map of the starburst galaxy m82 .  ⁇ 
b' we have studied the electronic structure and magnetic properties of a series of heusler alloys with the hg@xmath0cuti - type structure .  ⁇ n the heusler alloys are of the hg@xmath0cuti - type structure .  ⁇ n the total moments of these compounds are calculated by the density functional calculations .  ⁇ n the slater - pauling behavior of the total moments is discussed .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a theory for dissipative singularities in a one - dimensional inextensible continuum , which we conventionally call a _  ⁇ 
b' we present a general theory of the electrostatic interactions between charged macromolecular surfaces .  ⁇ n the theory is based on the _ weak _ and _ strong _ coupling approximations .  ⁇ n the theory is based on the _  ⁇ n inverse _  ⁇ n eigenvalues of the grand canonical partition function .  ⁇ n the theory is applied to the case of a single - component coulomb fluid model system .  ⁇ n the resulting theory is compared with the corresponding eigenvalues of the eigenvalues of the eigenvalues of the eigenvalues of the eigenvalues of the eigenvalues of the eigenvalues of the eigenvalues of the eigenvalues of the eigenvalues of the eigenvalues of the eigenvalues of the eigenvalues of the eigenvalues of the eigenvalues of the eigenvalues of the eigenvalues of the eigenvalues of the
b' we propose a simulation - based framework for numerical optimisation of ordinary differential equations ( ode ) with steady state constraints .  ⁇ 
b' we report the detection of a large glitch in the timing residuals of the pulsar b0919 + 06 over the 30-year period .  ⁇ n the glitch was observed in the archival jet propulsion laboratory data and in the pushchino radio astronomy observatory data .  ⁇ n the glitch was observed in the archival jet propulsion laboratory data .  ⁇ n the glitch was observed in the pushchino data .  ⁇ 
b' this talk gives an elementary introduction to basic properties of positronium , reviews some recent improvements in their theoretical description , and briefly touch upon implications for new physics searches . '
b' this paper outlines a framework for developing and deploying image - based analytics on high - resolution electron microscopy of animal brains .  ⁇ n our focus is design and development of a  ⁇  full - stack '' prototype for deploying analytics in a hadoop map / reduce ecosystem .  ⁇ n this work was completed as part of a graduate course at columbia university , called  ⁇  big data analytics '' .  ⁇ n this work was completed as part of a follow - on course ,  ⁇  advanced big data analytics '
b' we construct two kinds of integrable impurities for a fermionic small - polaron model with general open boundary conditions .  ⁇ n the hamiltonian is derived using the graded quantum inverse scattering method .  ⁇ n the eigenvalues of the hamiltonian are calculated for special cases of the hamiltonian .  ⁇ n the ground - state properties in the thermodynamic limit are discussed .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed study of the evolution of massive stars , based on the h - r diagram .  ⁇ n we consider the complete sets of reactions for the pp - chain and cno tri - cycle , and the most important alpha - capture reactions for heavy elements up to mg .  ⁇ n the nuclear network is implicitly solved for all the considered h- and he - burning reactions , and without any additional assumption for nuclear equilibria .  ⁇ n mass - loss from massive stars is described according to chiosi ( 1981 ) .  ⁇ n stellar evolution is calculated throughout the nuclear h - burning phase up to the beginning of the tp - agb phase and carbon ignition for intermediate- and high - mass models , respectively .  ⁇ n the first dredge - up is practically absent in all models .  ⁇ n only for stars with @xmath0 a very small amount ( less than 0.003 @xmath0 ) of he is dredged - up to
b' we introduce a general technique for incorporating domain knowledge into dimensionality reduction for text documents .  ⁇ n we focus on a type of non - euclidean geometry where the distance between document and word is defined as a symmetric positive semidefinite matrix .  ⁇ n we consider three general types of domain knowledge : the first corresponds to manual specification of the semantic relationship among words , the second corresponds to analyzing the relationship between different words using corpus statistics , and the third corresponds to knowledge obtained from linguistic resources .  ⁇ n we investigate the performance of the proposed dimensionality reduction methods for three text domains : sentiment visualization for movie reviews , topic visualization for newsgroup discussion articles , and visual exploration of acl papers .  ⁇ n we compare several different domain dependent geometries and show that they outperform popular state - of - the - art techniques .  ⁇ n we also demonstrate effective ways to combine different types of domain knowledge and show how such combinations significantly outperform any of the domain knowledge types in isolation . '
b' we describe a new methodology for studying persistence of topological features across a family of spaces or point - cloud data sets .  ⁇ n this theory of _ zigzag persistence _ generalises the successful and widely used theory of persistence and persistent homology .  ⁇ n moreover , zigzag persistence can handle several important situations that are not currently addressed by standard persistence .  ⁇ n this paper has three principal objectives : * to describe several scenarios in applied topology where it is natural to consider zigzag diagrams ; * to develop a mathematical theory of persistence for zigzag diagrams ; * to develop algorithms for computing zigzag persistence ; * to introduce the _ diamond principle _ , a calculational tool analogous in power and effect to the mayer vietoris theorem in classical algebraic topology .  ⁇ n this is a theoretical paper rather than an experimental paper , and we devote most of our effort to covering the technical foundations adequately .  ⁇ n we devote most of our effort to covering the technical foundations adequately .  ⁇ n we begin with
b' we introduce a new semantical framework for proving polytime soundness for logics .  ⁇ n the main idea underlying our proposal lies in considering bounded - time algorithms as realizers instead of taking plain turing machines as is usually the case in realizability constructions .  ⁇ n bounds are expressed abstractly as elements of a monoid .  ⁇ n we can define a model for a given ( logical or type ) system by choosing a monoid flexible enough to justify all the constructs in the system .  ⁇ n the model can then be used to study the class of representable functions .  ⁇ n this allows us to give new proofs of soundness ( all representable functions on base types lies in certain complexity classes ) for light affine logic ( lal ) , elementary affine logic ( eal ) , lfpl and soft affine logic ( sal ) .  ⁇ n while being the first entirely semantical proof of polytime soundness for light logics , our proof also provides a notable simplification of the original already
b' we present the results of systematic simulations of granular particles in fluid flows .  ⁇ n we observe the transition of fluidization and the existence of two fluidized phases .  ⁇ n we also discuss statistical quantities , which are analogous to equilibrium correspondences .  ⁇ n we give an interpretation of the averaged quantities by the hole theory for simple liquids . '
b' we present a fast and scalable multigrid solver for generating spatially correlated gaussian random fields with specific statistical properties .  ⁇ n the algorithm is based on a stochastic partial differential equation ( spde ) , which is a common approach for solving large - scale bayesian inverse problems governed by pde forward models .  ⁇ 
b' the compactness of a presupernova star is an important structural characteristic that affects whether it will explode as a supernova .  ⁇ n recently , oconnor et al . quantified this compactness in terms of a parameter , @xmath0 , where m = 2.5 @xmath0 is the relevant mass for quantifying the density gradient outside of the iron core .  ⁇ 
b' the effect of microwave radiation on the dissipative conductivity and resistivity of two - dimensional electron systems in gaas / algaas heterostructures is investigated .  ⁇ n it is shown that the microwave radiation suppresses the electron scattering on impurities with intra - landau level transitions .  ⁇ n the effect of the microwave radiation on the dissipative conductivity and resistivity is analyzed .  ⁇ n it is shown that the effect of the microwave radiation on the dissipative conductivity and resistivity can be explained by the mechanism of the dynamic electron localization . '
b' we study the surface critical behavior of the two - dimensional potts model undergoing a discontinuous bulk phase transition .  ⁇ n extensive numerical simulations are performed for large systems with up to @xmath0 states .  ⁇ n our numerical data for a variety of quantities and boundary conditions show in a consistent way that the surface exponents at the bulk first - order transition depend on the number of states .  ⁇ n therefore , while the general scenario of surface induced disordering is correct , the phenomenon does not yield universal surface exponents , but instead the values of these exponents depend on the number of states .  ⁇ n therefore , while the phenomenon is correct , the phenomenon does not yield universal surface exponents , but instead the values of these exponents are determined .  ⁇ 
b' we study the properties of collectively jammed states of hard - particle systems .  ⁇ n these states are created using an energy minimization procedure .  ⁇ n the energy minimization is combined with successive compressions and decompressions to find states that can not be further compressed without producing an overlap of the particles .  ⁇ n this procedure yields collectively jammed states of the equivalent hard - particle system .  ⁇ n we show that the probability distribution of collectively jammed packing fractions narrows as the system size increases and becomes a @x
b' we have developed a formalism to determine the quality of a global network of gravitational - wave detectors .  ⁇ n we use a figure of merit , proportional to the detection rate for a population of randomly oriented standard - candle binary inspirals uniformly distributed in a flat space , and assume that the noise power is high with respect to the noise power .  ⁇ n we also consider the effect of instrument siting on the quality of the network .  ⁇ n we show that the effect is significant enough to warrant consideration in planning the growth of the global network . '
b' we study the absorption of laser light by rare gas clusters .  ⁇ n we show that the absorption mechanism is a nonlinear resonance , whose origin lies in the anharmonicity of the cluster potential .  ⁇ 
b' we study the rare high - amplitude events of the spatial derivatives of the turbulent rayleigh - bnard convection in a cylindrical cell .  ⁇ n we show that the rare events can be traced back to a plume emission from the bottom plate coinciding with a strong fluctuation of the large - scale circulation .  ⁇ n the large - scale circulation roll is significantly weakened and re - oriented afterwards .  ⁇ n in the absence of the large - scale ordering circulation , a collision between a hot upwelling plume and a cold downwelling plume is triggered which generates strong local gradients .  ⁇ n our detected rare event reveals a direct connection between a strong large - scale fluctuation of the velocity and a small - scale extreme dissipation event bridging the whole cascade range of the turbulent flow . '
b' we study the stability of matter - wave gap solitons ( gss ) in a binary bose - einstein condensate ( bec ) with the natural intra - species intra - species nonlinearity .  ⁇ n we consider the case of a strong parabolic trap , confined to a small spatial region , and a strong parabolic trap .  ⁇ n we show that the gss are stable against quantum fluctuations , and that they are stable against quantum fluctuations .  ⁇ n we also show that the gss are stable against quantum fluctuations , and that they are stable against quantum fluctuations .  ⁇ 
b' we present a comparative study of different fusion models for symmetric colliding nuclei .  ⁇ n we have used as many as 12 versions of proximity potentials .  ⁇ n we have found that the fusion barriers are significantly affected by the neutron / proton excess .  ⁇ 
b' i review the status of the search for counterparts of cosmic @xmath0-ray bursts ( grbs ) .  ⁇ n i discuss the main results obtained during the last year , and discuss the most important discoveries .  ⁇ n i also discuss the possibility of detecting transient emission at longer wavelengths associated with grbs . '
b' in this paper , we study the maximum agreement forest ( maf ) problem for binary and non - binary phylogenetic trees .  ⁇ n we first prove that the order of an maf for two phylogenetic trees minus 1 is equal to their spr distance , and the order of an maf for two unrooted general trees minus 1 is equal to their tbr distance .  ⁇ 
b' we explore an analogy of quantum information processing based on classical ( optical ) waves .  ⁇ n this approach is inspired by the observation that some of the essential properties of quantum information are in fact wave properties , where the wave need not be a quantum wave .  ⁇ 
b' we construct a semi - empirical framework in @xmath0cdm to predict the velocity dispersions of early - type galaxies .  ⁇ n our modelling approach is based on subhalo abundance matching ( am ) , which posits a nearly one - to - one relation between stellar mass and a halo proxy , typically a mass or velocity at a chosen epoch .  ⁇ n we test against the scaling relations of both the faber jackson and fundamental plane , and find that the faber jackson relation and fundamental plane are consistent with the galaxy halo connection implied by am .  ⁇ n we also find that the faber jackson relation and fundamental plane are consistent with the halo connection implied by am .  ⁇ n we also find that the faber jackson relation and fundamental plane are consistent with the halo connection , and that the faber jackson relation and fundamental plane are consistent with the halo connection .  ⁇ n we also find that the fundamental plane is consistent with the 
b' the vimos integral field unit ( ifu ) is a square array of microlenses , each one coupled to an optical fiber .  ⁇ n it is a very efficient instrument , allowing to obtain one spectrum for each resolution element of its field of view .  ⁇ 
b' we have computed the cut - off frequencies of radial modes in the atmospheres of roap stars .  ⁇ n we have used the kurucz atlas9 code to calculate the cut - off frequencies .  ⁇ n we have calculated the cut - off frequencies in @xmath0hz and in @xmath1hz for the hopf and kurucz models .  ⁇ n we have found that the cut - off frequencies are largely influenced by the @xmath1 relation .  ⁇ n we have also calculated the cut - off frequencies in @xmath2hz and @xmath3hz for the hopf and kurucz models .  ⁇ n we have also calculated the cut - off frequencies for the hopf and kurucz models .  ⁇ n we have found that the cut - off frequencies are mainly influenced by the @xmath1 relation .  ⁇ n we have also computed the cut - off frequencies for the hopf and kurucz models .  ⁇ 
b' we suggest a new method to calculate positions and widths of efimov resonances in three - body systems .  ⁇ n the method is based on the slow variable discretization method with adapted grid step in hyper - radius and hyperangles .  ⁇ n the method is general and can be used for weakly bound ( long - range ) and deeply - bound ( short - range ) resonances .  ⁇ 
b' we compute the accretion rate of a protoplanet , a protoplanet , and a planetesimal as a function of time .  ⁇ n we find that the accretion rate is a function of time , and that the accretion rate is a function of time .  ⁇ n the accretion rate is a function of time , and the accretion rate is a function of time .  ⁇ n the accretion rate is a function of time , and the accretion rate is a function of time .  ⁇ n the accretion rate is a function of time , and the accretion rate is a function of time .  ⁇ n the accretion rate is a function of time , and the accretion rate is a function of time .  ⁇ n the accretion rate is a function of time , and the accretion rate is a function of time .  ⁇ n the accretion rate is a function
b' we construct a quantum theory of free fermion fields based on the deformed heisenberg algebra .  ⁇ n we respect the supersymmetry in this context as a guiding principle .  ⁇ n we propose an action of fermionic field based on the deformed supersymmetric algebra in a spacetime with arbitrary number of dimensions .  ⁇ n we compute some scattering amplitudes such as the pair annihilation amplitude to see how these important quantities can be calculated in the presence of natural cutoffs .  ⁇ n we also compute some scattering amplitudes such as the pair annihilation amplitude to see how these important quantities can be calculated in the presence of natural cutoffs .  ⁇ 
b' we consider a distributed online convex optimization problem , where each agent ( or node ) observes only its particular objective function via the stochastic gradient oracles .  ⁇ n specifically , we seek to minimize this sum of functions with a limited number of gradient oracle calls at each agent .  ⁇ n specifically , we introduce a distributed online convex optimization algorithm based on the stochastic gradient ( sgd ) iterates that efficiently minimizes this cost function .  ⁇ n specifically , each agent uses a time - dependent weighted combination of the sgd iterates and achieves the presented performance guarantees , which matches with the lower bounds presented in @xcite , only with a relatively small excess term caused by the unknown network model .  ⁇ n the proposed method is comprehensive , in that any communication strategy , such as the diffusion and the consensus strategies , are incorporated into our algorithm in a straightforward manner as shown in the paper .  ⁇ n we compare the performance of our algorithm respect to the state - of - the - art methods
b' we investigate the specific energy of phaseonium fuel , a highly non - traditional fuel , with @xmath0 coherent levels .  ⁇ n the specific energy is characterized by the number of quantum coherent levels .  ⁇ n we show that the specific energy scales with the number of quantum coherent levels .  ⁇ n a favorable scaling law against decoherence and dephasing could bring the phaseonium engine closer to available practical systems . '
b' we have implemented a decision algorithm for fibonacci representation .  ⁇ n we have reproved many results in the literature purely mechanically , as well as obtained new results , using this implementation .  ⁇ 
b' we present an accurate and efficient implementation of the non - equilibrium green function ( negf ) method , in combination with density functional theory using pseudo - atomic orbitals ( paos ) and pseudopotentials , using a contour integration method based on a continued fraction representation of the fermi - dirac function .  ⁇ n the accurate treatment of the boundary conditions between the scattering region and leads is also developed .  ⁇ n a careful treatment to construct the charge density near the boundaries is also discussed .  ⁇ n the efficiency and accuracy of our implementation are demonstrated by several numerical test calculations on convergence of the density matrix . '
b' we study the secular spin evolution of mercury , a close - in extrasolar planet with a synchronous orbit .  ⁇ n we consider the effects of asymmetric tidal torques on the secular evolution of the planet .  ⁇ n we show that the secular spin evolution of mercury is governed by the tidal torque , which is a conservative function of the tidal torque .  ⁇ 
b' a two - dimensional cellular automata model is proposed to describe avascular tumor growth .  ⁇ n the model consists of 4 states ( empty site , normal cell , cancer cell or necrotic tumor cell ) .  ⁇ n the model is analyzed in the presence or absence of treatment .  ⁇ n the time - spatial pattern of the tumor growth is analyzed and compared with actual tumors .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new method for generating spectra for a wide range of cosmological parameters .  ⁇ 
b' we study the pairing properties of two - dimensional fermi gases in the full bcs - bec crossover .  ⁇ n we perform a detailed analysis of the zero - point energy of the fermi gas , which is a function of the bosonic gas parameter , and the gaussian corrections to the mean - field equations .  ⁇ 
b' we propose a mechanism to manipulate the dna radio - sensitivity by ionizing free radicals .  ⁇ n the pauli exclusion principle , which prevents two electrons with parallel spin form occupying a single spatial orbital , plays a major role and is used to magnetically manipulate the diffusion of hydroxyl radicals and the oh - dna relative motion .  ⁇ n the pauli exclusion principle is used to magnetically manipulate the diffusion of hydroxyl radicals and the oh - dna relative motion .  ⁇ n the pauli exclusion principle is used to control the oh - dna relative motion . '
b' we study synchronization of two coupled pendula whose bases are connected by a horizontal rope which moves periodically in resonance with the pendula .  ⁇ n we show that the synchronization of the pendula is a dynamical process where two or more interacting oscillatory systems end up with identical movement .  ⁇ 
b' we present the updated list of occultations of geodetic radio sources by solar system planets .  ⁇ n the main differences with the previous work are the use of an extended astrometric source list , and computation of event maps to help better planning of observations .  ⁇ n the main differences with the previous work are the use of an extended astrometric source list , and computation of event maps to help better planning of observations .  ⁇ n the main differences with the previous work are the use of an extended astrometric source list , and computation of event maps to help better planning of observations .  ⁇ n occultations , geodetic radio sources , astrometric sources , planetary occultations '
b' we study the simply typed @xmath0-calculus , i.e. the @xmath1-calculus , where equations on types are allowed .  ⁇ 
b' we present deep optical spectroscopic observations of the edge - on galaxy ngc4388 .  ⁇ 
b' we report a new paradigm of exchange bias effect in a polycrystalline compound nd@xmath0sr@xmath1coo@xmath2 through the shifts in the magnetoresistance - field curve .  ⁇ n we observe the strong exchange bias effect involved with a fairly large intragranular magnetoresistance where the value of exchange bias field is found to be much larger than the observation measured through the shift in the magnetic hysteresis loop .  ⁇ n furthermore , we observe training effect in the shift of the magnetoresistance - field curve which is in accordance with the successful models used to interpret the training effect observed in the magnetic hysteresis loop .  ⁇ n a strong time dependence in the resistivity is observed at low temperature which is found to be correlated with the exchange bias effect .  ⁇ n finally , we proposed a possible scenario of grain interior magnetic nanostructure to interpret the new magnetotransport behavior involved with the exchange bias effect . '
b' we present the results of integral field spectroscopy ( ifs ) observations of the most metal - poor hii galaxy mrk178 .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new method to measure the eddington ratio of agns .  ⁇ 
b' we present a quantitative analysis of the granular convective velocity of a granular matter under the vibration .  ⁇ n the granular convective velocity is measured by a granular - based granular - based granular - based granular - based granular - based granular - based granular - based granular - based granular - based granular - based granular - based granular - based granular - based granular - based granular - based granular - based granular - based granular - based granular - based granular - based granular - based granular - based granular - based granular - based granular - based granular - based granular - based granular - based granular - based granular
b' we analyze the properties of the single quantum well / metal interface as well as the interplay between edge states and bulk states in metal / hgte / metal junctions .  ⁇ n we show that the conductance signals originating from the bulk and edge states are not additive .  ⁇ n in contrast , for a long junction the conductance signal is built from both bulk and edge states in the ratio which depends on the width of the sample .  ⁇ n further , the conductance for short junctions shows a non - monotonic behavior as a function of the sample length in the topological insulator regime .  ⁇ n our predictions should be experimentally verifiable in hgte quantum wells and bi@xmath0se@xmath1 thin films . '
b' we investigate the formation of population iii stars in extremely metal - poor gas clouds in the present - day galaxie
b' we study the equilibrium isotope effect ( eie ) of two isotopomers at room temperature and above .  ⁇ n we use the feynman path integral representation of the partition function to compute the reduced reaction free energy .  ⁇ n we find that the symmetry factors of the born - oppenheimer approximation and the distinguishable particle approximation are not sufficient to describe the eie .  ⁇ 
b' we study the superconducting gap of a metallic cylindrical nanowire in the presence of the orbital effect .  ⁇ n we show that the fermi wave - vector mismatch , caused by the zeeman spin splitting of the fermi surface , can in fact induce the nonzero - momentum paired state .  ⁇ n this situation is facilitated in a unique manner by the transfer of kinetic energy from the rotational to the translational degrees of freedom .  ⁇ n namely , the rotational degrees of freedom lead to the fermi surface splitting since in the applied field the states with the magnetic quantum numbers @xmath0 and @xmath1 have opposite magnetic moments which in turn result in opposite energy contributions .  ⁇ n the fermi wave - vector mismatch created by the fermi surface splitting is transferred into the nonzero total - momentum of the cooper pairs along the nanowire inducing the fulde - ferrell phase formation .  ⁇ n we also provide an argument for a feasibility of such state observability . '
b' we review the basic aspects related to coherent phenomena in semiconductors .  ⁇ n in particular , we focus on the ultrafast coherent vs. incoherent carrier dynamics as well as on coulomb - correlation effects in photoexcited semiconductors .  ⁇ n we discuss the theoretical approach commonly used for a realistic description of both coherent and incoherent phenomena in bulk systems , semiconductor superlattices , quantum wells and wires .  ⁇ n we also discuss the role played by coherence on the carrier photogeneration process .  ⁇ n we also discuss the role played by coherence on the carrier photogeneration process .  ⁇ n we also discuss the strong modifications induced by coulomb correlation on the linear and non - linear optical spectra of realistic quantum - wire structures . '
b' we consider the problem of unambiguous state comparison .  ⁇ n we consider two cases : ( i ) we have @xmath0 copies of the first unknown state ( @xmath1 ) and @xmath2 copies of the second unknown state ( @xmath3 ) .  ⁇ n we investigate the behavior of the success probability as a function of the number of copies of the two states .  ⁇ n moreover , we propose a relatively simple experimental setup realizing the comparison of coherent states .  ⁇ n we show that the success probability is a function of the number of copies of the two states .  ⁇ n we also propose a simple experimental setup realizing the comparison of coherent states . '
b' we present @xmath0 , @xmath1 and @xmath2 photometry for the open cluster ngc 6994 .  ⁇ n the cluster is found to be a random enhancement of bright stars , which is not a cluster .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed spectral analysis of _ xmm - newton _ data of the ultra - luminous x - ray source m82 x-1 .  ⁇ n the spectra of m82 x-1 are well described by a power - law with a photon index of @xmath0 .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed study of the magnetic field structure of the b2v star hr5907 .  ⁇ n twenty - one high - resolution espadons spectropolarimetric observations were obtained between february and august 2010 .  ⁇ n these initial observations clearly show the presence of zeeman signatures in the circular polarization , stokes @xmath0 least - squares deconvolved mean line profiles , indicative of a magnetic field .  ⁇ n we also obtained six low - resolution eso - vlt fors polarimetric observations in addition to 27 uves observations in april 2010 to further study the line - profile variability .  ⁇ n we find that hr5907 hosts a structured magnetosphere similar to @xmath0 ori e and hr7355 .  ⁇ n the double - lobed pattern and equivalent width variations strongly suggest that hr5907 hosts a structured magnetosphere consisting of co - rotating , magnetically confined clouds
b' we present a detailed analysis of the dynamics of a supercooled liquid , a liquid whose viscosity is a function of temperature .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new experimental setup , based on a matricial formalism , to measure the electrical conductance between @xmath0 electrodes immersed in a liquid metal ( lm ) .  ⁇ n the setup features a container filled for 5 - 25 mm with a low melting point ( 10@xmath2c ) eutectic alloy of gallium , indium and tin called galinstan .  ⁇ 
b' we study the electronic and magnetic properties of rippled graphene .  ⁇ n we solve self - consistently the hubbard model .  ⁇ n we show that the presence of pseudo magnetic fields in rippled graphene leads to a ferromagnetic ( fm ) phase with a very weak fm modulation .  ⁇ n we also show that the critical value of the hubbard interaction @xmath0 for an antiferromagnetic ( afm ) instability is reduced with respect to the case of pristine graphene .  ⁇ n we find that the critical value of the hubbard coupling for an afm instability is reduced with respect to the case of pristine graphene .  ⁇ n we also show that the critical value of the hubbard coupling for an afm instability is reduced with respect to the case of pristine graphene . '
b' celeste was a cherenkov experiment using 53 heliostats of the lectricit de france solar plant in the french pyrenees .  ⁇ n it detected cherenkov light from electromagnetic showers produced in the atmosphere by the @xmath0-rays coming from high energy astrophysical sources .  ⁇ n the light is reflected to secondary optics and photomultipliers installed at the top of the tower .  ⁇ 
b' we study the conditional entropy of glueball states in the anomalous dynamical ads / qcd holographic model .  ⁇ n the glueballs are represented by a modified soft - wall model , that provides nice fits of glueball masses for even and odd spins .  ⁇ n we develop a procedure that leads to a relation between the glueballs spins and the glueballs masses and the associated conditional entropy .  ⁇ n this analysis can shed some light into the relative stability of the different glueball states .  ⁇ n pacs numbers : 11.30.er , 11.30.er , 11.30.rd '
b' a three - dimensional system of coupled quantum wires containing spin - polarized electrons is constructed .  ⁇ n the individual building blocks are constructed from coupled quantum wires containing spin - polarized electrons .  ⁇ n time - reversal symmetry is thus broken from the outset .  ⁇ n the coupled - wire construction provides simple illustrations of these phases in terms of closed loops ( or cylinders ) and open planes of integer and fractional quantum hall subsystems .  ⁇ n it also allows one to identify a regime in which an extended exotic critical phase may exist .  ⁇ n the low - energy theory of the system can furthermore be solved by an exact mapping to non - interacting fermions of fractional charge . '
b' we investigate the entanglement of two interacting fermions in a chain of square well potentials .  ⁇ n we consider both repulsive ( electron - electron ) and attractive ( particle - particle ) interactions , and calculate the corresponding entanglement when the strength of the interaction , the chain length , and the interwell distance are changed .  ⁇ n we compare the results from the hubbard model with the ones from the electron system .  ⁇ 
b' the domain name system ( dns ) is a powerful tool for identifying and analyzing the benefits of the internet .  ⁇ n the dns is a powerful tool for identifying and analyzing the benefits of the internet .  ⁇ 
b' we study the dynamics of a lipid membrane submitted to a local chemical modification .  ⁇ n we focus on the regime of small deformations , and we study the dynamics associated with each of the two effects that can arise from a local reagent concentration increase , namely a spontaneous curvature change and an equilibrium density change of the external monolayer .  ⁇ n we find that the dynamics of the membrane is dominated by the evolution of the reagent concentration profile , which is determined by the diffusion of the reagent in the solution that surrounds the membrane .  ⁇ n we show that the effect of the evolution of the reagent concentration profile on the membrane dynamics becomes negligible some time after the beginning of the reagent concentration increase , after what the dynamics corresponds to the response of the membrane to a chemical modification imposed instantaneously .  ⁇ n we also show that the ratio of the spontaneous curvature change to the equilibrium density change induced by the local chemical modification can be extracted from the dynamics .  ⁇ n we find that the ratio of the spontaneous curvature change to the equilibrium density change induced
b' we present a preliminary estimate of the muon disappearance into tau in deep core , based on super kamiokande ones .  ⁇ 
b' we have investigated structural properties of si epitaxial layers deposited on si(001 ) vicinal substrates with different miscuts .  ⁇ n we have found that the surface of si epitaxial layers is composed by faceted pits .  ⁇ n the surface is composed by monoatomic steps running along the [ 110 ] direction .  ⁇ n the surface is composed by bent monoatomic steps .  ⁇ n the surface is composed by faceted pits .  ⁇ 
b' we show that the quadratic divergences due to the loops of goldstone and higgs bosons , @xmath0 , vanish when the vacuum is stable .  ⁇ n this result is based on the fact that the goldstone bosons are the divergence of the weak current .  ⁇ n we show that the quadratic divergences are proportional to the tadpole and therefore vanish when the vacuum is stable .  ⁇ n this statement is quite general in the sense that no new interactions are introduced up to the uv cut - off scale .  ⁇ n this procedure has the well - known phenomenological disadvantage that the mass @xmath1 of the @
b' we consider the problem of fingerprinting a digital content distributor .  ⁇ n the fingerprints are a set of redundant digits which are distributed in some random positions across the information digits of the original content .  ⁇ n the fingerprint positions are assumed to be the same for all users .  ⁇ n the decoding strategy used is called a _ code _ , where the random key is known only to the distributor .  ⁇ n we show that for any single deterministic code , the error probability of decoding error in the _ wide - sense _ formulation is bounded away from zero .  ⁇ n we also show that for any single deterministic code , the error probability of decoding error in the _ wide - sense _ formulation is bounded away from zero .  ⁇ n we also show that for any single deterministic code , the error probability of decoding error in the _ wide - sense _ formulation is bounded away from zero .  ⁇ 
b' we study the elasticity and mode structure of periodic isostatic lattices derived from the two - dimensional kagome lattice by rigidly rotating triangles .  ⁇ n the bulk modulus of these lattices is rigorously zero for all @xmath0 .  ⁇ 
b' we theoretically investigate the effect of a spatial inhomogeneity on the superfluid properties of a trapped @xmath0-wave superfluid fermi gas .  ⁇ n we show that a spin rotation symmetry of this system may be broken , in addition to the broken inversion symmetry by a trap potential .  ⁇ n this additional condition is realized , when two species feel different trap potentials or chemical potentials , or when they have different atomic masses .  ⁇ n we numerically confirm that a triplet cooper pair amplitude is really induced under this condition , within the mean - field theory for a model two - dimensional lattice fermi superfluid in a harmonic trap .  ⁇ n we also numerically confirm that a triplet cooper pair amplitude is really induced under this condition , within the mean - field theory for a model two - dimensional lattice fermi superfluid in a harmonic trap . '
b' we extend the grosse - wulkenhaar scalar theory on the moyal space to more general models with covariant derivatives in a fixed magnetic field .  ⁇ n we show that the theory is renormalisable to all orders in perturbation theory .  ⁇ 
b' we study the public goods game , a typical example of an evolutionary game governed by group interactions .  ⁇ 
b' we present a systematic study of the radial abundance gradients in a sample of disk galaxies .  ⁇ n we use the @xmath0 method to determine the radial abundance gradients in hii regions .  ⁇ 
b' we study the effect of magnetic gluons on the phase diagram of quantum chromodynamics ( qcd ) at high densities .  ⁇ n we show that the effect of magnetic gluons is significant at low temperatures , and that the critical temperature of the superconducting phase is a function of the chemical potential .  ⁇ 
b' we study the jet transport in a quark - gluon plasma ( qgp ) in the linear boltzmann transport ( lbt ) model .  ⁇ n we study the effects of jet quenching on the spectra of large transverse momentum hadrons and jets in au+au collisions at rhic and lhc energies .  ⁇ n we find that the jet quenching phenomenon is dominated by the onset of dijets and gamma jets with large asymmetries in transverse energy .  ⁇ n we also find that the suppression of single inclusive hadrons and jets in au+au collisions at rhic is dominated by the onset of dijets and gamma jets with large asymmetries in transverse energy .  ⁇ 
b' millimeter wave ( mmwave ) cellular communications have recently been shown to be suitable for cellular communications , provided that the cell radius is of the order of 100 - 200 meters .  ⁇ n the authors of @xcite have recently compared mmwave and micro wave ( @xmath0wave ) cellular networks , and have highlighted that mmwave cellular networks may outperform @xmath0wave cellular networks , provided that a sufficient beamforming gain is guaranteed between base stations and mobile terminals .  ⁇ n this paper proposes a new methodology to the stochastic geometry modeling of mmwave cellular communications , which explicitly incorporates the empirical path - loss and blockage models recently reported in @xcite .  ⁇ n the proposed frameworks are validated via numerical simulations and the performance of mmwave and @xmath0wave cellular networks are compared . '
b' we present a study of the morphology and star - formation rate ( sfr ) of the ngc 4065 group .  ⁇ 
b' we present a comparison of two numerical codes , one is a lagrangian code based on the smoothed particle hydrodynamics ( sph ) and the other is an eulerian code based on the total variation diminishing scheme ( tvd ) appropriately modified to study cylindrically symmetric problems .  ⁇ n the tests are carried out against some well known non - linear solutions of axisymmetric transonic accretion disks around a black hole .  ⁇ n we show that both of our codes agree very well with the analytical results .  ⁇ n armed with the confidence that our codes are reasonably good for study of time dependent accretion flows , we present more complex behavior of time dependent accretion flows in our next papers ( ryu , chakrabarti , & molteni 1996 ) .  ⁇ n accretion , accretion disks , accretion discs , accretion discs '
b' we report on transmission of monochromatic thz radiation through a thin nbn film with magnetic field applied parallel to its surface .  ⁇ n the sample is prepared by a four - probe technique .  ⁇ 
b' we construct a new class of non - asymptotically magnetic solutions for the domain wall universe in a higher dimensional bulk spacetime .  ⁇ n the solution is obtained by introducing a dilaton - maxwell coupling .  ⁇ n the dilaton - maxwell coupling is a non - minimal one .  ⁇ n the dilaton - maxwell coupling is a non - minimal one .  ⁇ n the dilaton - maxwell coupling is a non - minimal one .  ⁇ n the dilaton - maxwell coupling is a non - minimal one .  ⁇ n the dilaton - maxwell coupling is a non - minimal one .  ⁇ n the dilaton - maxwell coupling is a non - minimal one .  ⁇ n the dilaton - maxwell coupling is a non - minimal one .  ⁇ n the dilaton - maxwell coupling is 
b' we study the non - adiabatic effects in the optical absorption spectrum of semiconductors by solving the time - dependent semiconductor bloch equations ( tddft ) .  ⁇ n we show that the non - adiabaticity of the xc kernels is a crucial requirement for the development of a theory based on tddft to describe nonlinear correlation effects including the formation of exciton - exciton bound states ( biexcitons ) .  ⁇ n we also show that the non - adiabaticity of the xc kernels is a crucial requirement for the development of a theory based on tddft to describe nonlinear correlation effects including the formation of exciton - exciton bound states ( biexcitons ) .  ⁇ n we also show that the non - adiabaticity of the xc kernels is a crucial requirement for the development of a theory based on tddft to describe nonlinear correlation effects including the formation of exciton 
b' we study the x - ray properties of a hot accretion flow ( adaf ) above an accretion disk .  ⁇ n we assume that the adaf is strongly magnetized and has a huge amount of electrons .  ⁇ n we assume that the adaf is advection - dominated accretion flow ( adaf ) .  ⁇ 
b' we present astrometric observations of the 6.7 ghz ch@xmath0oh , 1.665 and 1.667 ghz oh , and 22.2 ghz h@xmath1o masers toward the star - forming complex g009.62 + 00.20 .  ⁇ 
b' i present a study of the millisecond quasi - periodic oscillations ( qpos ) in the x - ray emission from accreting neutron stars .  ⁇ n i consider three key questions : 1 . is the qpo frequency related to the geometry of an accretion disk ? 2 . is the qpo frequency determined by the mass accretion rate ? 3 .  ⁇ n is the qpo frequency determined by the mass accretion rate ?  ⁇ 
b' we introduce a method for computing the norm of a foguel operator .  ⁇ n moreover , we are concerned with the spectral analysis of the modulus of the operator .  ⁇ n we prove that the modulus of a foguel operator is a complex symmetric operator if and only if it is unitarily equivalent to a symmetric matrix with complex entries .  ⁇ n this technique can be thought of as a complex symmetric adaptation of weyl s criterion . '
b' ovens are an essential part of the manufacture of ceramics , which require heat treatment , often at high temperature .  ⁇ n although there is an experience of several thousands years building ovens or furnaces , there is no a simple model that allows us to calculate the physical properties and design an oven .  ⁇ n we present a schematic oven composed by an insulated chamber with a thermal energy source in which the material to be burned can be introduced .  ⁇ 
b' we discuss the common arguments which lead to the conclusion that gravitational forces generated by oscillating mass distributions are instantaneous in the near - field .  ⁇ n we show that there is a possibly detectable retardation of the gravitational forces in the immediate vicinity of the oscillating source , which converges to zero with increasing distance .  ⁇ n the dominant length scale for the decay of the retardation is given by the _ oscillation amplitude _ of the mass distribution and can be very small .  ⁇ n we propose a laboratory experiment which requires a highly accurate phase measurement to test our result .  ⁇ n we show that the experiment may now be verifiable with modern technology .  ⁇ 
b' we present a model of a scutum - scutellum epithelial tissue , based on a _ continuum mechanics _ model .  ⁇ 
b' in this communication , we discuss the algorithm to generate surrogates from pseudoperiodic time series .  ⁇ n we first adopt a null hypothesis , which assumes the time series is generated by a linear stochastic process and potentially filtered by a nonlinear filter .  ⁇ n then we devise a corresponding algorithm to generate surrogates from the observed data set .  ⁇ n then if the discriminating statistic of the original time series deviates from those of the surrogates , the null hypothesis is unlikely to be true .  ⁇ n thus if the discriminating statistic of the original time series distinctly deviates from the distribution of the discriminating statistic of the surrogates , the null hypothesis is unlikely to be true .  ⁇ n thus if the discriminating statistic of the original time series distinctly deviates from the distribution of the discriminating statistic of the surrogates , the null hypothesis is unlikely to be true .  ⁇ 
b' the lower dimensional expansion of bose - einstein condensates in a parabolic trap is investigated .  ⁇ n the equations of motion are solved in the hydrodynamic approximation with initial conditions corresponding to the equilibrium states of a confined in the parabolic trap bec with positive scattering length .  ⁇ n the free expansion takes place either in longitudinal direction of the one - dimensional waveguide , or in transverse direction of the two - dimensional pancake trap .  ⁇ n the results are compared with recent experiments . '
b' the yuan - tseh lee array for microwave background anisotropy ( amiba ) is a platform - mounted 7-element interferometer operating at 3-mm wavelength to study the structure of the cosmic microwave background ( cmb ) radiation .  ⁇ n it is being constructed as part of the cosmology and particle astrophysics ( cospa ) project , funded by the taiwan ministry of education initiative on academic excellence .  ⁇ n amiba is a platform - mounted 7-element interferometer operating at 3-mm wavelength to study the structure of the cmb radiation .  ⁇ n it is being constructed as part of the cosmology and particle astrophysics ( cospa ) project , funded by the taiwan ministry of education initiative on academic excellence .  ⁇ n amiba is a collaboration between principally the academia sinica institute of astronomy and astrophysics ( asiaa ) , the national taiwan university ( ntu ) physics and electrical engineering departments 
b' we study the single - transverse - spin asymmetries in semi - inclusive hadron production in deeply - inelastic scattering .  ⁇ 
b' we provide a simple and simple proof of the grbner base of the syzygy ideal of quaternionic polynomials .  ⁇ n we also provide a simple structure of the normal forms of quaternionic polynomials with respect to the grbner base . '
b' we present evidence that it is possible to reconstruct the dynamics of a noisy nonlinear chaotic dynamical system from given data .  ⁇ n we show that the method can be applied to the case of a noisy nonlinear chaotic dynamical system .  ⁇ n we also show that the signal of the dynamical noise and its correlation can be extracted from the measured data .  ⁇ n this can be taken to examine the nature of the stochastic process and to verify the sufficient high embedding of a chaotic noisy system . '
b' in this paper , we investigate a dynamic multi - hop network routing scheme for the cognitive pilot channel ( cpc ) in a cognitive radio network .  ⁇ n the cpcs form multi - hop hierarchal levels to the cpc base stations and their performance is based on the location of pus and their states .  ⁇ n we investigate a dynamic game framework which takes into account the state variation of the pus as well as the multi - stage property of the cr networks .  ⁇ n the main contribution of this paper is to provide a distributed and optimal dynamic multi - hop network routing scheme for the on - demand cpcs .  ⁇ n the proposed algorithm minimizes the interference with pus and packet delay along the routing path .  ⁇ n the simulation results show that the proposed algorithm minimizes the interference with pus and packet delay along the routing path . '
b' we present a model for the spectral absorption features in the mid - infrared due to the most abundant atmospheric molecules during the primary eclipse of the transiting extrasolar giant planets hd209458b and hd189733b .  ⁇ 
b' we present the statistics of the wind speed at 200@xmath0 mb for the sites sierra negra and san pedro mrtir .  ⁇ n the results are compared with those obtained for mauna kea , hawaii , paranal and la silla in chile , gamsberg in namibia and maidanak in uzbekistan .  ⁇ n the results are compared with those obtained for mauna kea , hawaii , paranal and la silla in chile , gamsberg in namibia and maidanak in uzbekistan . '
b' we present a novel algorithm for grover s unstructured search problem , inspired by the quantum approximate optimization algorithm ( qaoa ) .  ⁇ n this algorithm is the first within the qaoa framework to show a quantum advantage for a number of iterations in the intermediate range between @xmath0 and @xmath1 .  ⁇ n we also introduce a novel tool , a representation based on spin coherent states , for the design and analysis of qaoa - type circuits .  ⁇ n we prove a query complexity of @xmath2 . '
b' we study the flow diagram of the ginzburg - landau model with a topological chern - simons term in the @x
b' we present vlt / eb2k005.html spectroscopy of the binary microlensing event .  ⁇ n the vlt / eb2k005.html spectrograph was used to monitor the source star for several days .  ⁇ 
b' we study the chirality - glass transition in the three - dimensional heisenberg spin glass model .  ⁇ n we find that the chirality - glass transition temperature coincides with the chiral - glass transition temperature , which is consistent with the earlier numerical results .  ⁇ n we also find that the chirality - glass transition temperature is much lower than the chiral - glass transition temperature . '
b' we study the equilibrium properties of markovian multiplicative white - noise processes .  ⁇ n we show that the stochastic landau - lifshitz - gilbert equation is a prototype of such processes .  ⁇ 
b' we present a theoretical study of a cavity quantum electrodynamics ( qed ) system that allows for deterministic atom - photon coupling in a near or far - off resonant configuration .  ⁇ n the cavity is modeled as a photonic - band - gap ( pbg ) lattice , and the cavity is coupled with a photon - hopping rate .  ⁇ n the cavity - waveguide coupling is modified from high @xmath0 during confinement to low @xmath0 during in / out coupling , with a tuning time much shorter than the photon lifetime of the cavity .  ⁇ n this approach can also be exploited for active pulse shaping .  ⁇ n we show that the use of appropriate dynamic control breaks these limitations and reduces required cavity @xmath0 by two orders of magnitude compared with passive schemes , and at the same time realizes high - fidelity quantum gate . '
b' we present a new approach to the calculation of the t - product of two electromagnetic currents in the background of a shock wave .  ⁇ n the method is based on the background field technique .  ⁇ n the t - product of two electromagnetic currents is considered in the background of gluon field .  ⁇ n the t - product of two electromagnetic currents is considered in the background of gluon field .  ⁇ n the t - product of two electromagnetic currents is considered in the background of gluon field .  ⁇ n the t - product of two electromagnetic currents is considered in the background of gluon field .  ⁇ n the t - product of two electromagnetic currents is considered in the background of gluon field .  ⁇ n the t - product of two electromagnetic currents is considered in the background of gluon field .  ⁇ n the t - product of two electromagnetic currents is considered in the background of gluon field .  ⁇ n the t - product of two electromagnetic currents is considered in the background of gluon
b' we report on x - ray and optical observations of the unidentified galactic gamma - ray source 2eg j0635 + 0521 .  ⁇ n the x - ray spectrum of the source is unusually hard with a spectral index of @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the optical counterpart of the x - ray source is also unusually hard .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the surface magnetic phase transition of the double - exchange model for perovskite manganites by using the schwinger - boson mean - field method .  ⁇ n the surface magnetism is found to decrease more rapidly than that in the bulk .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the x - ray and soft x - ray properties of a large solar flare on the rs cvn - type binary uv cet .  ⁇ 
b' we present the results of a rxte monitoring program of the galactic bulge .  ⁇ n we have detected a number of sources .  ⁇ n some of them have been observed .  ⁇ n others have been observed in i.a.u .  ⁇ ncirculars 7103 , 7120 , and 7300 .  ⁇ n there are several characteristic temporal behaviors .  ⁇ 
b' we study the transport properties of a ferromagnetic single - electron transistor with a small central electrode ( island ) coupled by tunnel barriers to a ferromagnetic electrode .  ⁇ n we show that the current flow in the system is governed by the effect of quantum - mechanical tunnelling through the island .  ⁇ n we show that the current flow is governed by the effect of the gate voltage , and that the current flow is governed by the effect of the gate voltage .  ⁇ n we also show that the current flow is governed by the effect of the gate voltage .  ⁇ n we show that the current flow is governed by the effect of the gate voltage .  ⁇ 
b' we study the superconformal structure of @xmath0 superconformal field theories .  ⁇ 
b' the cms tracker is an all silicon design consisting of two main detectors : a silicon pixel detector and a silicon strip detector .  ⁇ n the performance of the tracker was evaluated in december 2009 at @xmath0 gev and 2.36 tev .  ⁇ n the performance of the strip detector was evaluated and compared to simulation .  ⁇ n the performance of the pixel detector was evaluated and compared to simulation .  ⁇ 
b' we present astrometric observations of the high - synchrotron - peaked bl lac object markarian 421 at 22 ghz .  ⁇ n the vlbi exploration of radio astrometry ( vera ) at 22 ghz was used to measure the absolute position of the blazar jet .  ⁇ n the position of the radio core was found to be consistent with the position of the radio core .  ⁇ 
b' we present a method for calculating the fidelity of open boundary condition matrix product states .  ⁇ 
b' we present a model - free analysis of the time series of the german team handball bundesliga .  ⁇ n the data set consists of ten seasons beginning from 2001/2002 .  ⁇ n we show how recently developed methods for the study of soccer characteristics can be transferred to the analysis of team handball results .  ⁇ n the direct comparison between team handball results and soccer results allows to extract specific characteristics and differences .  ⁇ n our main results involve the time evolution of the team fitness , the specific goal distribution and the home advantage which are compared to recently published results for soccer .  ⁇ n in addition , we also analyze the properties of promoted teams and propose an explanation for the success of the best teams .  ⁇ n these findings allow to present a simple method for the prediction of match results and match winners in good accuracy to the real outcomes .  ⁇ n in contrast to the public opinion , we show that the variance of performance differences between handball teams is less pronounced than it has been found for the german soccer league .  ⁇ 
b' we present optical spectroscopy of 23 low - redshift lyman alpha emitting galaxies ( laes ) in the extended groth strip ( egs ) .  ⁇ n we find that the lyman alpha emission line luminosity function of these laes is significantly different from that of the high - redshift laes , with a median of @
b' we study the low - energy effective model of a quasi - one - dimensional metal .  ⁇ n it is shown that within the framework of the non - phonon mechanism there are three metastable superconducting states : @xmath0- , @xmath1 , and @xmath2-wave .  ⁇ n this circumstance has an important implication for both theory and experiment : to find the ground state symmetry one has to resolve small energy differences between the contesting states .  ⁇ n therefore , to find the ground state symmetry one has to resolve small energy differences between the contesting states .  ⁇ n therefore , to find the ground state symmetry one has to resolve small energy differences between the contesting states .  ⁇ n therefore , to find the ground state symmetry one has to resolve small energy differences between the contesting states .  ⁇ n therefore , an approximate theoretical scheme might calculate these differences completely wrong .  ⁇ n therefore , an experimentalist has to keep in mind that a slight variation of the model may cause a phase transition .  ⁇ n application of mean
b' we present a scheme of quantum simulation on nuclear magnetic resonance quantum computer .  ⁇ n the scheme includes a method for choosing an appropriate working initial state and the usage of twice fourier transforms .  ⁇ n we experimentally obtained the spectrum of the bcs model , which coincided with the theoretic expectations .  ⁇ n we further show how to implement the measurement of the spectrum on an nmr quantum computer . '
b' damped ly@xmath0 ( dla ) systems are the most closely related population of quasar absorption line systems that show 21-cm absorption against radio background sources .  ⁇ n they are the only class of quasar absorption line systems that show 21-cm absorption against radio background sources .  ⁇ n their low metallicities , low dust contents , and low molecular contents are all consistent with properties expected of galaxies that are in the early stages of evolution .  ⁇ n they may be helpful for planning future radio and millimeter observations of normal galaxies at high redshifts .  ⁇ n we discuss some of the properties of dla systems at @xmath1 that may be helpful for planning future radio and millimeter observations .  ⁇ n if dla systems eventually evolve to solar mean metallicity at @xmath2 , they should be the prime targets for future radio and millimeter observations . '
b' we present proton and antiproton measurements from @xmath0 to approximate @xmath1 , proton - nucleus and nucleus - nucleus collisions .  ⁇ n the data are analyzed using the na44 spectrometer .  ⁇ 
b' i present a new source - finding algorithm for 3d data cubes .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed analysis of the formation of globular clusters ( gcs ) in the early universe .  ⁇ n we consider the formation of gcs in the potential wells of dark matter minihalos , and the subsequent merging of gcs with dwarf galaxies .  ⁇ n we find that the formation of gcs is a process of a major merger , followed by a subsequent accretion of dark matter haloes .  ⁇ n we also find that the accretion of dark matter haloes is a process of a major merger , followed by a subsequent accretion of dark matter haloes .  ⁇ n we find that the accretion of dark matter haloes is a process of a major merger , followed by a subsequent accretion of dark matter haloes .  ⁇ n we also find that the accretion of dark matter haloes is a process of a major merger .  ⁇ n we find that the
b' we present results of three - dimensional magnetohydrodynamic simulations of the internetwork magnetic field .  ⁇ n we find that the mean flux density of the horizontal component of the magnetic field is much higher than that of the vertical component .  ⁇ 
b' the hermes experiment is a sensitive ring imaging erenkov ( rich ) detector .  ⁇ n the ring imaging erenkov ( rich ) system consists of two modules , the top and the bottom rich sections , and a heavy gas control system .  ⁇ n the erenkov angles produced by the combination of the aerogel and the heavy gas are compared with the pion , kaon , and protons .  ⁇ 
b' we present a theoretical study of the aggregation of red blood cells ( rbcs ) in a inflammatory state .  ⁇ 
b' we present a statistical analysis of the hard x ray luminosity ( 17100 kev ) distribution of the supergiant fast x ray transients ( sfxts ) detected by the /ibis public archive .  ⁇ n we find that the distribution of the hard x ray luminosity of sfxt flares follows a power - law distribution , completely different with respect to the log - normal luminosity distribution , showing a power - law distribution , completely different with respect to the log - normal luminosity distribution .  ⁇ n we also investigate the waiting - time between two consecutive flares and the duration of the brightest phase of the outbursts , as observed by , in order to get more insights into the nature of these transients .  ⁇ n we find that the waiting - time between two consecutive flares and the duration of the brightest phase of the outbursts , as observed by , are all very similar to those of persistent hmxbs .  ⁇ 
b' we study the bound states of strong yukawa couplings of the @xmath0 and @xmath1 quarks , and the associated properties .  ⁇ n we find that the bound states of the @xmath2 and @xmath3 quarks are essentially ruled out at the 95% c.l .  ⁇ n , and the bound states of the @xmath2 and @xmath3 quarks are ruled out at the 95% c.l .  ⁇ n . if the @xmath2 and @xmath3 quarks are above the unitarity bound , then the bound states of the @xmath2 and @xmath3 quarks are ruled out at the 95% c.l .  ⁇ n . if the 4 g quarks are above the unitarity bound , then the bound states of the @xmath2 and @xmath3 quarks are ruled out .  ⁇ n the bound states of the @xmath2 and @x
b' i review recent advances in our understanding of the origin and dynamics of interstellar gas and its relation to star formation .  ⁇ n the origin of this gas lies in gas accreted onto galaxies during their formation and subsequent evolution .  ⁇ n the origin of this gas lies in gas accreted onto galaxies during their formation and subsequent evolution .  ⁇ n the origin of this gas lies in gas accreted onto galaxies during their formation and subsequent evolution .  ⁇ n the origin of this gas lies in gas accreted onto galaxies during their formation and subsequent evolution .  ⁇ n the origin of this gas lies in gas accreted onto galaxies during their formation and subsequent evolution .  ⁇ n the origin of this gas lies in gas accreted onto galaxies during their formation and subsequent evolution .  ⁇ n the origin of that gas lies in gas accreted onto galaxies during their formation and subsequent evolution .  ⁇ n the origin of that gas lies in gas accreted onto galaxies during their formation and subsequent evolution .
b' we investigate the stability of three - fold soap films confined between parallel walls , with their ends held by two wires perpendicular to the axis of a perspex cylinder .  ⁇ n we find that the film undergoes a surface - tension - driven instability , triggered by a cylindrical constraint .  ⁇ n when this instability is triggered , the film rapidly deforms and collapses .  ⁇ n if the film is twisted , taking the shape of a helicoid , then the instability occurs when the aspect ratio is lower .  ⁇ n the upper wires at each end , meet each other at the cylinder wall , and are again free to move on the cylinder wall .  ⁇ n the upper wires are held in place with a thin perspex cylinder .  ⁇ n the upper wire is held in place with a thin perspex cylinder .  ⁇ n the upper wire is held in place with a thin perspex cylinder .  ⁇ n the upper wire is held in place with
b' we study the structural transition of a self - attracting polymer in solution .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed study of the evolution of the post - flare plasma from the impulsive phase down to below 1 mk , using a time - dependent loop hydrodynamic code .  ⁇ 
b' we calculate the electric current through a mesoscopic conductor that is coupled to two single - channel ideal leads .  ⁇ n the electron - phonon scattering is treated within the multi - channel single - electron scattering approach of bon@xmath0a and trugman .  ⁇ 
b' we investigate the properties of projected entangled pair states ( peps ) models with @xmath0 on - site symmetry .  ⁇ n we show that long - range order originates in a degeneracy of the transfer operator , and how this in turn leads to spontaneous symmetry breaking under fluctuations .  ⁇ n we characterize the symmetry broken states in terms of the peps tensor , and show that they correspond to the extreme points of the transfer operator .  ⁇ 
b' we study the low energy neutron scattering spectra of spin stripes and checkerboards as arrays of antiphase domain walls in an otherwise antiferromagnetic texture .  ⁇ n we show that the low energy spectra of the spin wave cones are not uniform , and that the intensity is not always uniform .  ⁇ n in addition , while a spin ordered state results in spin wave cones due to goldstone s theorem , the intensity is not always uniform .  ⁇ n instead , the intensity can be gathered on the inner branch of the spin wave cones [ the side nearest @xmath0 ] , or on the outer branch , depending upon the relative strength of the spin coupling across the stripes .  ⁇ n streaks of scattering are possible in the low energy structure , although streaks are possible in the high energy structure for weak coupling . '
b' we present extensive simulations of the equilibrium ising model on square and cubic lattices with linear sizes up to 2560 and 250 , respectively .  ⁇ n averages up to 200 samples were performed for the smaller systems while larger sizes required fewer samples .  ⁇ n all measures were obtained after equilibrating the system through 500 swendsen - wang steps .  ⁇ n we find that the heterogeneity @
b' in this paper , we propose a novel interference alignment ( ia ) scheme for heterogeneous networks , based on non - orthogonal multiple access ( noma ) .  ⁇ n noma is a non - orthogonal approach to future radio access , where multiple users are superimposed in the power domain at the transmitters , and successive interference cancellation ( sic ) is performed at the receivers , improving capacity and throughput performance .  ⁇ 
b' in this paper , we present a new numerical method for solving nonlinear volterra ides ( vide ) .  ⁇ n the method is based on a decomposition method proposed by daftardar - gejji and jafari .  ⁇ 
b' we study the pseudo - spin of a system of spin-1 bosons in an optical lattice .  ⁇ n the system is mapped onto a system of cold bosonic atoms in an optical lattice .  ⁇ 
b' we describe a simple , compact , and efficient device for detecting atomic and molecular ions in linear quadrupole traps .  ⁇ n the device is based on a novel radial extraction technique , which allows for near - isotopic mass resolution and without the complications associated with axial ejection and orthogonal acceleration .  ⁇ 
b' the spin transport in a two - dimensional system composed of an electron gas with spin - orbit interaction and normal ( n ) 2d electron gas without spin - orbit interaction is studied .  ⁇ n the main purpose is to find out whether the spin currents , which exist in the soi region due to the coupling between spin and orbital degrees of freedom , penetrate into the n region and how the spin density is distributed there under the non - equilibrium conditions when an electron current flows in the system .  ⁇ n the calculations are carried out for a weak deviation from the equilibrium caused by a ballistic electron current flowing normal or parallel to the interface .  ⁇ n the electron current is supposed to be created by a difference of chemical potentials of electrons moving in opposite directions .  ⁇ n the electron current is supposed to be created by a difference of chemical potentials of electrons moving in opposite directions .  ⁇ n the main effect is the appearance of the edge spin current near the interface and changes in the edge spin current .  ⁇ n the accumulated spin density is proportional to @xmath0 , while the 
b' we present a general operator product expansion for the rare decays @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the expansion is based on the qcd factorization for @xmath0 decays into light - like mesons .  ⁇ n the leading order operator product expansion is used to calculate the hadronic contribution to @x
b' we study the dynamics of a classical pion field configuration , which is a superposition of waves , which oscillate in a given direction in isospin space .  ⁇ 
b' we consider the problem of option pricing with a stochastic volatility model .  ⁇ n we propose a greedy algorithm to solve the problem .  ⁇ n the algorithm is based on a greedy selection of snapshots maximizing the angle to the current space .  ⁇ n we provide analytical results , in particular a posteriori error control .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the chemistry in cooling flows .  ⁇ n we show that the thermal balance between heating and cooling leads to an equilibrium temperature for the clouds .  ⁇ n we also discuss the role of the higher excited rotational levels in the calculation . '
b' we define the third and fourth moment variations of financial asset return process and examine the properties of the variations .  ⁇ n the third moment variation is defined to be a quadratic covariation between squared return process and squared return process and the fourth moment variation is defined to be a quadratic variation of squared return process .  ⁇ n it is demonstrated that the variations can be used as approximations for the third and fourth moments of the return distribution , which are generally hard to measure , under certain conditions .  ⁇ n the realized ( quadratic ) variation , which refers to the finite sum of squared return compute
b' we study the phase transition between a ferromagnetic state and a paramagnetic state in the su@xmath0 generalization of the heisenberg ferromagnet .  ⁇ 
b' we present a model for spontaneously generated magnetic flux in asymmetric twin boundaries in yba@xmath0cu@xmath20@xmath3 .  ⁇ n the model is based on a ginzburg - landau model for the grain boundary .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new model for the x - ray spectrum of the narrow line seyfert 1 pg 1211 + 143 .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new method for determining radial velocity offsets between broad emission lines , narrow emission lines , and host galaxy lines .  ⁇ n the method is based on the sloan digital sky survey ( sdss ) , and is applicable to a wide range of agn .  ⁇ 
b' we study the hawking process in the framework of the uv self - complete quantum gravity scenario .  ⁇ 
b' we present a simple and straightforward method to formulate the wavefunction of the quantum rabi model .  ⁇ n the trial wavefunction is based on the concept of polaron and anti - polaron picture , and provides a unified framework to accurately describe the physics of the quantum rabi model both in the weak- and strong - coupling regimes .  ⁇ n however , in the crossover regime , some errors relatively are still not negligible , especially , at a low oscillator frequency , which is not negligible .  ⁇ n therefore , some improvements are still desirable in order to capture more accurate physics in the crossover regime . '
b' we present a new core for time - to - digital converters ( tdc ) based on fpga .  ⁇ 
b' we present a numerical study of the b z reaction based on a hotchpotch model .  ⁇ n the model is a cyclic cellular automaton with a maximally achievable number of levels .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new algorithm for the parameter estimation of stellar spectra obtained with the gaia rvs .  ⁇ 
b' we study the nucleosynthesis of extremely metal - poor ( emp ) stars by using the mixing - fallback model .  ⁇ n we find that the abundance patterns of the elements from c to zn of emp stars can be reproduced by the mixing - fallback model .  ⁇ n the abundance patterns of the elements from c to zn of emp stars can be reproduced by the mixing - fallback model .  ⁇ n the abundance patterns of the elements from c to zn of emp stars can be reproduced by the mixing - fallback model .  ⁇ n the abundance patterns of the elements from c to zn of emp stars can be reproduced by the mixing - fallback model .  ⁇ n the abundance patterns of the elements from c to zn of emp stars can be reproduced by the mixing - fallback model .  ⁇ n the abundance patterns of the elements from c to zn of emp stars can be reproduced by the mixing - fallback model .  ⁇ n the abundance patterns of the elements from c to zn of emp stars can be
b' the main topics of mira interferometry are discussed : ( a ) typical properties of monochromatic centre - to - limb variation ( clv )s ; ( b ) basic problems of defining and measuring _ monochromatic _ radii ; ( c ) concepts of determining _ the radius _ of a mira variable to be adopted , e.g. , for describing stellar evolution and pulsation ; ( d ) prospects of mira interferometry including observations of shock front positions , deviations from spherical symmetry ; ( e ) prospects of mira interferometry including observations of shock front positions , deviations from spherical symmetry ; ( e ) prospects of mira interferometry including observations of shock front positions , deviations from spherical symmetry ; ( e ) prospects of mira interferometry including observations of shock front positions , deviations from spherical symmetry ; ( e ) prospects
b' we study the effect of positional disorder on the magnetic and transport properties of diluted magnetic semiconductors ( dms ) .  ⁇ n we consider a model where the impurity ( mn ) atoms are screened out , and the spin - orbit coupling of the valence band is screened out .  ⁇ n we find that the impurity band is a _  ⁇ n rkky _  ⁇ n , i.e. , a _  ⁇ n anisotropic _ , rkky coupling between mn moments .  ⁇ n we also find that the impurity band is a _  ⁇ n ferromagnetic _ , and that the impurity band is a _  ⁇ n rkky _ , i.e. , a _  ⁇ n rkky _ , i.e. , a _ rkky _ , i.e. , a _ rkky
b' we study the progenitors of type ia supernovae .  ⁇ n we combine population synthesis calculations , hydrodynamical models of binary mergers and radiation - hydrodynamics calculations to make predictions for the progenitor of these double degenerate type ia supernovae .  ⁇ n we find that the double degenerate scenario is consistent with the observed supernova rate .  ⁇ 
b' we study the effect of positional randomness on the electromagnetic response of a grid of resonant particles .  ⁇ n we introduce a simple model , which allows us to analyze the reflective , transmitting , and absorptive properties of multi - resonant grids , both in the regular and amorphous states .  ⁇ n the theory is confirmed by numerical simulations using an example of the same metasurface as that studied in a recent paper by helgert et al .  ⁇ n [ phys .  ⁇ n rev .  ⁇ n lett . * 92 * , 012302 ( 2008 ) ] .  ⁇ n the results reveal the mechanisms of resonance broadening and damping in amorphous structures and explain the earlier discovered differences in the cases of electric ( symmetric ) and magnetic ( anti - symmetric ) resonances . '
b' we reconsider the cosmological formation of brane defects , which are described by branes which have less than three spacial dimensions in the uncompactified space .  ⁇ n we show explicitly how the brane dynamics can form cosmological defects .  ⁇ n we also discuss a cosmological brane creation induced by the excitation of a sphaleron - like brane configuration . '
b' we study the kelvin wave cascade in a vortex filament model .  ⁇ n we show that the spectrum of the cascade depends only weakly on the mutual friction .  ⁇ 
b' we show that a chemical reaction between two atoms can proceed with a stronger attractive interaction ( stronger than the usual vdw type ) , which is also shown to be further enhanced by the electron - ion coulomb attraction to activate the chemical reaction .  ⁇ n in particular , we expose that these stronger attractions are polarization - induced effect , which can be precisely associated to atomic energy - level spacings , and these stronger attractions are also responsible to overcome the said repulsion ( or the activation energy ) .  ⁇ n once the repulsion is overcome , either after , or before the collision , then it is straightforward to understand why and how a chemical reaction can proceed . '
b' we propose a non self - similar analytical model for the formation of accretion powered jets / outflows out from galactic and extra - galactic jet sources .  ⁇ n we use the accretion and wind equations to compute the mass outflow rate ( @xmath0 ) and the mass outflow rate ( @
b' we present a model for a perpendicular spin transfer torque - based random access memory ( stt - ram ) bit cell .  ⁇ 
b' we have developed a pin photodiode x - ray detector for the axion helioscope .  ⁇ n the pin photodiode is a windowless pin photodiode with a high efficiency to x - rays of energy less than 10 kev .  ⁇ n the pin photodiode is operated near the superconducting coils and operated under a magnetic field of 4 t. the x - ray detector is operated near the coils and operated under a magnetic field of 4 t. the sensitivity to x - rays of energy less than 10 kev is 0.9 to 1.0 kev in fwhm at 5.9 kev .  ⁇ n the sensitivity to x - rays of energy less than 10 kev is 0.9 to 1.0 kev in fwhm at 5.9 kev .  ⁇ n the sensitivity to x - rays of energy less than 10 kev is 0.9 to 1.0 kev .
b' the cellular automata ( ca ) models for solar flares are re - interpreted and extended so as to make these models completely compatible with mhd and maxwell s equations .  ⁇ 
b' i discuss the possibility of fragmentation of the fireball at a first order phase transition .  ⁇ n i discuss the event - by - event fluctuations of rapidity distributions and correlation functions in relative rapidity .  ⁇ n i discuss the possibility of detecting such observables in ultrarelativistic nuclear collisions . '
b' double polarization observables from a(@
b' we present a new technique for determining the redshift of submillimeter galaxies ( smgs ) at @xmath0 .  ⁇ n we use the peak of the far - infrared spectral energy distribution ( sed ) due to dust emission in high redshift galaxies to measure the redshift of the galaxy .  ⁇ n we apply this technique to the blast survey of the ecdfs and place an upper limit on the number density of 500@xmath6m - selected smgs at @xmath0 .  ⁇ 
b' we study the transition from a laminar to a turbulent von krmn flow .  ⁇ n the flow is generated by two counter - rotating impellers in a cylindrical vessel .  ⁇ 
b' we present a new method for measuring the large frequency separation of solar - like oscillations in red giants .  ⁇ n the method is based on the autocorrelation of the time series .  ⁇ n we discuss the conditions under which the large separation can be measured .  ⁇ n we also discuss the different meanings of the large separation , and also the difference between local and global measurements of the large separation .  ⁇ n finally , we discuss the meaning of the offset parameter . '
b' we study the one - loop amplitudes of perturbative quantum field theory in euclidean space - time .  ⁇ n we show that the amplitudes are volumes of tetrahedra in depending on the masses and momenta .  ⁇ n the volume of any hyperbolic tetrahedron in odd - dimensional hyperbolic space - time can be expressed in terms of a ( half-)sum of volumes of tetrahedra in euclidean space - time .  ⁇ n we show that the amplitudes are volumes of tetrahedra in euclidean space - time .  ⁇ n we also show that the amplitudes are volumes of tetrahedra in euclidean space - time .  ⁇ 
b' we report the experimental observation of a ratchet current in a bose - einsten condensate .  ⁇ 
b' the sure thing principle is a fundamental principle in bayesian probability theory .  ⁇ n it states that if one chooses action over state of the world , then one should always choose action over state of the world .  ⁇ n this principle is fundamental in bayesian probability theory and states that if one chooses action over state of the world , then one should always prefer action over state of the world .  ⁇ n the process of human inference deterministically jumps between definite states or stays in a single definite state across time .  ⁇ n quantum information processing , on the other hand , is a wave function moving across time over a state space until a final decision is made .  ⁇ n uncertainty can produce different waves coming from opposite directions that can crash into each other , causing an interference distribution .  ⁇ n this phenomenon can never be obtained in a classical setting .  ⁇ n therefore , quantum theory enables the modelling of the cognitive system as it was a wave moving across time over a state space until a final decision is made .  ⁇ n uncertainty can produce different waves coming
b' we present a new method to compute the period - luminosity ( pl ) relation for a sample of pulsating stars .  ⁇ n the method is based on the computation of nonlinear , nonlocal and time - dependent convective pulsating models , which take into account the coupling between pulsation and convection .  ⁇ n the pulsational behavior of the models is investigated through the computation of nonlinear , nonlocal and time - dependent convective models .  ⁇ n the pulsational behavior is analyzed in detail , and the resulting _ bolometric _ pl relation is derived .  ⁇ n the _ bolometric _ pl relation is derived by assuming a _  ⁇ n universal _ pl relation at different wavelengths , i.e. , @xmath0 , where @xmath1 is the period and @xmath2 is the color index .  ⁇ 
b' augmented reality is a promising way to enhance multimedia content in the emerging emerging industry .  ⁇ n augmented reality devices are currently operating in a heads - up - display ( hud ) or head mounted display ( hmd ) manner , which are increasingly targeting the professional and consumer application space alike .  ⁇ n while these types of devices are available in a broad variety of implementations , a slow convergence of systems has begun , especially in the consumer space .  ⁇ n the evaluation of these types of systems has attracted different research groups , especially when targeting the delivery of video data to participating users . in this paper , we investigate the applicability of existing video quality metrics , such as the frequently used peak signal to noise ratio ( psnr ) , structural similarity index metric ( ssim ) , and video quality metric ( vqm ) , in the augmented reality space and correlate encoded video quality with subjectively rated perceived video quality levels .  ⁇ n we show that the existing standard , outlined in recommendation itu t 
b' we present the results of a near - infrared survey of a sample of h ii regions centered on southern ultra - compact h ii regions .  ⁇ n the spectroscopic targets have been selected based on their @xmath0-band magnitude and color .  ⁇ 
b' we present a statistical analysis of the column density maps of the lupus 1 , 3 , and 4 star - forming regions , obtained with the _ herschel _ space observatory .  ⁇ n the column density maps show a clear correlation between the column density and the filament width , with a median value of 0.10@xmath0.03 pc .  ⁇ 
b' we report on the evolution of the thermal linear - expansion coefficient and the thermal conductivity of a granular column submitted to temperature cycles .  ⁇ n the experimental setup consists in imposing temperature cycles to a column and in measuring the resulting variations of the column height .  ⁇ n we show that the thermal linear - expansion coefficient and the thermal conductivity of the pile are affected by temperature variations .  ⁇ 
b' we have studied the structure of @xmath0 hypernuclei in the framework of the @xmath1-matrix theory .  ⁇ 
b' we present a frozen density embedding method for the calculation of the kinetic and exchange - correlation energies of a system of two electrons .  ⁇ 
b' we present a general formula for the qubit fidelity , i.e. the probability that the input state of a qubit encoded into the @xmath0 and @xmath1 fock states of a harmonic oscillator coincides with the output state after the system has been exposed to the process .  ⁇ n we show how the observed first and second moments of output states , following from application of coherent input states to the process , yield a convenient parametrization of the gaussian process .  ⁇ n we also derive the average fidelity over all qubit states encoded in the @xmath0 and @xmath1 fock states and subjected to the gaussian process . '
b' hipass is a survey for extragalactic neutral hydrogen in the southern sky .  ⁇ n the survey s unbiased coverage of the southern sky and dense spatial sampling provide us with the ideal tools to reveal previously unidentified hi structure about the magellanic clouds .  ⁇ n the hipass data reveal several exciting new features of this system .  ⁇ n the large scale structure of the lmc , the overall spatial and velocity distribution of the smc and bridge gas and resolve the long - standing controversy about the mechanism responsible for the formation of the magellanic stream . '
b' i review the current status of the study of regular and chaotic motions in elliptical galaxies .  ⁇ n i discuss the possibility of constructing stable triaxial models of stellar systems that contain high fractions of chaotic orbits , the distinction between partially and fully chaotic orbits of any use , and the role of figure rotation in triaxial stellar systems .  ⁇ n i also discuss the usefulness and limitations of frequency analysis for the classification of large numbers of regular orbits in model stellar systems . '
b' we study the left - right symmetric model with a two higgs bi - doublets higgs sector .  ⁇ n we show that the yukawa couplings of the higgs boson and the fcnc higgs boson are free parameters .  ⁇ n we also show that the yukawa couplings of the higgs boson and the fcnc higgs boson are free parameters .  ⁇ n we also show that the yukawa couplings of the higgs boson and the fcnc higgs boson are free parameters .  ⁇ n we also show that the yukawa couplings of the higgs boson and the fcnc higgs boson are free parameters .  ⁇ n we also show that the yukawa couplings of the higgs boson and the fcnc higgs boson are free parameters .  ⁇ n we also show that the yukawa couplings of the higgs boson and the fcn
b' we present a model of polarized ultracold neutrons ( ucns ) moving with constant velocity in a uniform static magnetic field .  ⁇ n the magnetic field magnitude is uniform within any horizontal plane , so there is no horizontal component of magnetic force .  ⁇ n therefore the ucn moves with constant velocity in the horizontal and vertical directions .  ⁇ n we show that if the magnetic field magnitude is perpendicular to the vertical direction , the ucn lifetime can reach a level approaching the tolerance limit for a high precision neutron lifetime measurement unless precautions are taken .  ⁇ n we also show that if the magnetic field magnitude is perpendicular to the vertical direction , the ucn lifetime can reach a level approaching the tolerance limit for a high precision neutron lifetime measurement unless precautions are taken . '
b' we study the equilibrium properties of a simple model of a monomer - monomer @xmath0 catalytic reaction on a one - dimensional chain . within this model  ⁇ 
b' we study the fundamental mode properties of a nonlinear mechanical resonator , subject to electrostatic gradient forces .  ⁇ n we derive the hamiltonian of the resonator and derive the specifics of the optomechanical coupling to a high - q optical cavity mode .  ⁇ n we then discuss different control schemes associated with suitable laser drives for the cavity and gradient fields from the tip electrodes .  ⁇ n we finally discuss a readout scheme for the nonlinear mechanical resonator considered . '
b' the local arm of the milky way in the direction of camelopardalis is analyzed in the ranges of galactic longitudes 132158@xmath0 and latitudes @xmath412@xmath0 .  ⁇ n the population of dust and molecular clouds , as well as of young stars , is analyzed in the ranges of galactic longitudes 132158@xmath0 and latitudes @xmath412@xmath0 .  ⁇ n the presence of dense dust and molecular clouds in the local arm in the direction of camelopardalis is confirmed both by optical and radio observations .  ⁇ n the population of dust and molecular clouds , as well as of young stars , is also analyzed .  ⁇ n the presence of the cam ob1 association at a distance of 0.91.0 kpc and by other young objects is also discussed . '
b' we present new observations of the type iil supernova ( sn ) 1986e at 6 cm and 20 cm with the very large array ( vla ) over an interval extending from 17 days to 991 days after the optical discovery .  ⁇ n the vla observations were taken at 4.860 ghz and 1.425 ghz , and were used to obtain flux densities for the compact secondary , possibly variable , 1252 + 119 .  ⁇ n the vla observations were used to obtain flux densities for the compact secondary , which were calibrated with assumed flux densities for the primary calibrator .  ⁇ n the vla observations were used to obtain a number of new upper limits at both 6 and 20 cm .  ⁇ n these new limits constrain rather well the range of possible models for the radio emission from sn 1986e , so that a comparison with other type iil sne such as sn 1979c and sn 1980k can be made .  ⁇ n we conclude that the predicted flux density for sn 1986e is
b' we study the effects of genuine dimension - six ( dim-6 ) higgs operators on the electroweak symmetry breaking .  ⁇ n we show that the higgs boson mass and couplings can be probed at @xmath0 linear colliders , such as tesla and nlc / jlc , with both single higgs boson and higgs boson pair production at energies @xmath1 and 800 gev .  ⁇ n we also explore the sensitivity at a multi - tev collider , as envisaged with clic , for 3 and 5 t
b' we present new spectrophotometric efficiency curves for the vimos spectrophotometric standard stars .  ⁇ n the u - band efficiency curves are compared with the vimos efficiency curves .  ⁇ 
b' many online algorithms update their model only if the margin of each example falls below a threshold .  ⁇ n these algorithms fully evaluate the margin for each example , even if the model is not to be updated !  ⁇ n the running time of these algorithms is linear either in the number of features , or in the dimensionality of the input space .  ⁇ n the budgeted learning community addresses this problem by putting a budget on the number of features a classifier can evaluate while learning and while making predictions .  ⁇ n this work extends on previous work by pelossof et al .  ⁇ n @xcite .  ⁇ n we propose a new method for early stopping the computation of feature evaluations for uninformative examples by connecting the perceptron algorithm to sequential statistical tests .  ⁇ n this connection results in a general method that makes margin based learning algorithms attentive , which means that they have the ability to quickly filter uninformative examples .  ⁇ n the margin of each example is computed as a weighted sum of feature evaluations .  ⁇ n informative examples
b' the hst / wfpc2 colour - magnitude diagrams ( cmds ) of resolved stars in the local universe are a powerful tool to derive the star formation histories ( sfh ) of galaxies .  ⁇ n the impact of the hst / wfpc2 photometric data on the sfh of nearby galaxies is briefly summarized .  ⁇ n the sfh of nearby galaxies is derived from the cmds of their resolved stars .  ⁇ n the sfh of the local universe is derived from the cmds of their resolved stars .  ⁇ n the sfh of the local universe is derived from the cmds of their resolved stars .  ⁇ n the sfh of the local universe is derived from the cmds of their resolved stars .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed analysis of the frequency of active galactic nuclei ( agns ) and circumnuclear starbursts .  ⁇ n we find that the frequency of agns is correlated with the frequency of starbursts , and that the frequency of agns is correlated with the frequency of agns .  ⁇ 
b' we present a detailed analysis of the chemical composition of the globular clusters ( gcs ) , based on a sample of 19 gcs , selected from the sloan digital sky survey ( sdss ) .  ⁇ n we find that the gcs are composed of primordial ( p ) and second generation ( sg ) stars , with the p population being present in all gcs ( at the @xmath030% level ) , the i population being the bulk ( 50%-70% ) of gc stars , and the sg component being instead not present in all gcs ( about 1/3 fg versus 2/3 sg ) .  ⁇ n the sg population is found to be formed in the central cluster regions , where ejecta of the fg component are channeled into a cooling flow .  ⁇ n a small fraction of p stars are trapped in the central cluster regions , where ejecta of the fg component are channele
b' we present a detailed analysis of the magnetization dynamics in gd(0001 ) films using femtosecond time - resolved magneto - optical kerr effect ( moke ) .  ⁇ n we find pronounced differences between the moke and the surface sensitive second harmonic generation ( shg ) signal .  ⁇ n the gd film is characterized by a coherent phonon - magnon mode localized at the surface and incoherent dynamics of optically excited electron - hole pairs , lattice vibrations , and magnetic excitations .  ⁇ n we find pronounced differences between the moke and the surface sensitive shg signal .  ⁇ n we also find that the gd film is more sensitive to the surface sensitive shg signal .  ⁇ n we discuss the relevance of our results to the understanding of the femtosecond demagnetization dynamics in ferromagnets . '
b' we investigate the rotating brane - black hole system by considering a myers - perry black hole in the background with a single angular momentum .  ⁇ n we show that due to the coordinate parametrization of the myers - perry metric , this rotating problem is not compatible with the spherical results of @xcite , in the sense that the latter ones are not recovered in the non - rotating limit .  ⁇ n we also find that stationary equatorial solutions do not generally exist for arbitrary brane dimensions , except for the case of a 3-dimensional brane .  ⁇ n we also find that stationary equatorial solutions do not generally exist for arbitrary brane dimensions , except for the case of a 3-dimensional brane .  ⁇ n we also find that stationary equatorial solutions do not generally exist for arbitrary brane dimensions , except for the case of a 3-dimensional brane .  ⁇ n we also find that stationary equatorial solutions do not generally exist for arbitrary brane dimensions , except
b' ontologies are witnessing an increasing popularity outside specialized ai communities .  ⁇ n they are mainly due to semantic web applications , to handle part - whole relationships , and their provision for various automated reasoning services .  ⁇ n however , the adoption of ontologies faces some challenges , mostly due to speed and reliability constraints imposed by industrial settings . here  ⁇ n we investigate this issue by considering four contributions of ours to application domains wherein ontologies provide key capabilities in system engineering .  ⁇ n the first case study is about an on - board rolling - stock condition analyzer , i.e. , a system to perform fault detection and classification , i.e. , monitoring an intermodal logistic system .  ⁇ n the third one is about an ontology - based framework to generate diagnostic - decision support systems .  ⁇ n finally , a fourth case study is an application to computer - automated design of elevator systems . '
b' the formation of a stellar spheroid in a barred galaxy is a key process in the evolution of the galaxy .  ⁇ 
b' the morgan - keenan system of spectral classification , one of the foundations of stellar astrophysics , is a classical application of morphological techniques .  ⁇ n new spectra are described differentially relative to standard spectra , with observational parameters as similar as possible ( preferably identical ) to those of the standard objects .  ⁇ n normal spectra are classified into the system , while peculiar exceptions to the standard behavior of the criteria may also be recognized .  ⁇ n the latter are described differentially relative to the standard objects , with observational parameters as similar as possible to those of the standard objects .  ⁇ n the latter are described differentially relative to an analogous reference frame of standard objects , with observational parameters as similar as possible ( preferably identical ) to those of the standard objects .  ⁇ n it is also suggested that systematic modeling relative to an analogous reference frame of standard objects could accelerate progress toward the ultimate objective of physical understanding . '
b' we construct a family of extremal brane solutions in ads which have a non - zero entropy at zero temperature .  ⁇ n we show that the nernst law is equivalent to the process version of the third law of thermodynamics , which states that the entropy itself goes to zero at zero temperature .  ⁇ n we also show that the nernst law is equivalent to the planckian version of the third law , which states that the entropy itself goes to zero at zero temperature .  ⁇ n we also show that the nernst law is equivalent to the process version of the third law , which states that the entropy itself goes to zero at zero temperature .  ⁇ n we also show that the nernst law is equivalent to the process version of the third law , which states that the entropy itself goes to zero at zero temperature .  ⁇ n we also show that the nernst law is equivalent to the process version of the third law , which states that the entropy itself goes to zero at zero temperature 
b' we present a new and accurate fortran code , the bi - spectra and non - gaussianity operator ( bingo ) , to numerically evaluate the scalar bi - spectrum and the non - gaussianity parameter @xmath0 for single field inflationary models involving the canonical scalar field .  ⁇ n the code can also compute _ all _ the different contributions to the bi - spectrum .  ⁇ n we illustrate the code in the equilateral limit and show that it can also compute _ all _ the different contributions to the bi - spectrum .  ⁇ n we also demonstrate that , under certain conditions , the code can arrive at the results within a few minutes .  ⁇ n we also examine the power of the non - gaussianity parameter @xmath0 to discriminate between different inflationary models that admit deviations from slow roll and generate similar features in the scalar power spectrum .  ⁇ n we also show that , under certain conditions , the code can arrive at the results within a few minutes 
b' we revisit the notion of _ state _ , when it is preceded by the adjective _ pure _ it is commonly understood within _ quantum _ formalism as a unit ray in an hilbert space .  ⁇ n we revisit the way a state is transformed through the action of an operator named _ quantum observable _ , and the way it evolves with the introduction in the formalism of an evolution parameter , i.e. a _ time _ .  ⁇ n we show that quantum formalism applies as well to unexpected situations , far beyond our modelling of the microscopical world .  ⁇ n we show that our approach is minimalist in the sense that our departure point is the two - dimensional hilbert space on the real numbers , denoted @xmath0 , so familiar to us since , say , the kindergarden - grade 12 .  ⁇ n we show that our approach is utterly minimalist in the sense that our departure point is the two - dimensional hilbert space on the real numbers , denote
b' we study the dynamics of entanglement for a wide class of entangled states , that is , states that are not connected by local operations and classical communication ( locc s ) .  ⁇ n we show that the entanglement of these states is more robust under decoherence than that of the @xmath0 states .  ⁇ n we show that the entanglement of @xmath0 states is more robust under decoherence than that of @xmath0 states .  ⁇ n we also show that the entanglement of @xmath0 states is more robust under decoherence than that of @xmath0 states .  ⁇ n we also show that the entanglement of @xmath0 states is more robust under decoherence than that of @xmath0 states . '
b' we implement the screw - boundary condition for a finite cluster of length-@xmath0 spins in a two - dimensional ( @xmath1 ) model .  ⁇ n the screw - boundary condition is a flexible scheme to construct a @xmath3 cluster from an arbitrary number of spins @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the numerical results exhibit bumpy finite - size deviations depending on the condition whether the screw pitch is close to an integral number or not . as a demonstration  ⁇ n , we adapt this idea to the ( ferromagnetic ) transverse - field ising model on the triangular lattice for @xmath5 .  ⁇ n the criticality ( correlation - length critical exponent @xmath6 ) is analyzed rather in detail . '
b' we present a calculation of the two - loop corrections to the standard model .  ⁇ n the calculation is performed in euclidean momentum space of dimension @xmath0 , using dimensional regularisation with t hooft mass scale @
b' we investigate the existence of instanton solutions in the einstein frame of reference .  ⁇ n we show that the presence of a dilaton field can lead to both singular and non - singular instantons .  ⁇ n we also show that depending on the parameters of the model , unless we invoke a potential in the dilaton sector the euclidean action may become divergent .  ⁇ n this is then discussed in the context of instantons arising out of string theory . '
b' we investigate the use of mathematics in upper - division physics courses .  ⁇ n we use the acer framework combined with network analytic methods to investigate how students write work on typical homework problems .  ⁇ 
b' we report the fabrication of highly hydrophobic coatings of carbon nanotubes ( swcnts ) on mwcnts .  ⁇ n the swcnts are self - assembling porous random networks of swcnts and mwcnts exhibiting a hierarchical morphology made of micro - papillae .  ⁇ 
b' we study the spectral shape of the observed neutrino flux in the context of the icecube experiment .  ⁇ n we assume that the neutrinos are produced from interactions between nuclei and matter .  ⁇ n we assume that the neutrinos are produced from interactions between nuclei and matter .  ⁇ n we assume that the neutrinos are produced from interactions between nuclei and matter .  ⁇ n we assume that the neutrinos are produced from interactions between nuclei and matter .  ⁇ n we also assume that the neutrinos are produced from interactions between nuclei and matter .  ⁇ n we show that the spectral shape of the observed flux is a sensitive probe of the spectral shape of the neutrino spectrum .  ⁇ n we also show that the spectral shape of the observed flux is sensitive to the spectral shape of the neutrino spectrum .  ⁇ 
b' we study the quartessence model with vanishing pressure perturbation .  ⁇ n we show that the model reduces to @
b' we study the effect of two photons on the bunching of two - photon states .  ⁇ 
b' we study the velocity distributions of a granular gas driven by a uniformly - driven boundary .  ⁇ n we find that the velocity distributions are characterized by a stretched gaussian , with an exponent @xmath0 , where @xmath1 is the granular temperature .  ⁇ 
b' the feynman - alpha theory is extended to the case of neutrons emitted from a fissile sample with a source .  ⁇ n the feynman - alpha formulas for the variance to mean ratio , i.e. the deviation of the relative variance from unity , are derived .  ⁇ n the feynman - alpha formulas are derived for a continuous source with poisson statistics , and for a pulsed neutron source with spallation neutron sources .  ⁇ n the feynman - alpha formulas are derived for the case of pulsed neutron sources .  ⁇ n the feynman - alpha formulas are compared with the feynman - alpha formulas for the case of pulsed neutron sources .  ⁇ n the feynman - alpha formulas are compared with the feynman - alpha formulas for the case of pulsed neutron sources .  ⁇ 
b' we present a theoretical study of the non - collinear magnetoresistance ( ncmr ) of a pdfe bilayer on ir(111 ) .  ⁇ 
b' we study the finite volume spectrum of the @xmath0 in a hamiltonian effective field theory model .  ⁇ n we find that the @xmath0 is a molecular @xmath1 bound state .  ⁇ 
b' we present optical stis observations of the bi - polar jets from the t tauri stars th28 and rw aur and the blue - shifted jet from lkh@xmath0321 .  ⁇ n the hst / stis spectra of these sources show a radial velocity of @xmath1 km s@
b' we investigate the dynamical and thermal evolution of an infinitely long cylinder to model a filament formed in the post shock cooled sheet .  ⁇ n we estimate the minimum mass of the fragment of the cylinder .  ⁇ n the numerical results show that the minimum mass of the fragment is about a few times the minimum mass of a spherical cloud .  ⁇ n the final fragment mass is about a few times the minimum mass of a spherical cloud . '
b' we study the local quantum uncertainty ( lqu ) in critical systems , considering the anisotropic @xmath0 chain and the @xmath1 model with three spins interaction , named @xmath2 model .  ⁇ n we show that lqu is a good indicator of the critical behaviour of the @xmath1 model , while , in the case of the @xmath2 model , it is a good indicator of the quantum phase transition .  ⁇ n we also show that lqu is a good indicator of the quantum phase transition .  ⁇ n we also discuss the role of the lqu in the identification of the quantum phase transition . '
b' we present hst / wfpc2 v and i observations of the halo of the peculiar galaxy ngc 3077 .  ⁇ n the v and i images reveal a ring of stars , with a diameter of @xmath0 kpc , and a central velocity dispersion of @xmath1 km s@
b' we discuss the question of the role of quantum degrees of freedom in cosmological models .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the evolution of the global magnetic fields in the flaring region of goes x - class flares .  ⁇ n the _ hinode _ satellite observed the first goes x - class flare on 2006 december 13 .  ⁇ 
b' the cms experiment uses a hybrid pixel detector with a pixel size of @xmath0 .  ⁇ n the main purpose of the pixel detector is the reconstruction of secondary vertices and the generation of track seeds for the reconstruction in the full tracker .  ⁇ n the pixel detector alone is the only available tracking information at the first stage of the higher level trigger ( hlt ) .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the electromagnetic transition form factors ( tffs ) of the @xmath0 , @xmath1 , and @xmath2 mesons .  ⁇ 
b' a study of the convective flow in the solar convection zone is presented .  ⁇ 
b' information cascades are common in online social networks .  ⁇ n we propose a general mathematical framework for analyzing cascades on social networks .  ⁇ n we define a _ cascade generating function _ , which captures the details of the dynamics of information diffusion on networks .  ⁇ n we can use this function to compute the macroscopic properties of the cascade , such as its size , diameter , average path length , etc . , and to analyze its microscopic dynamic properties .  ⁇ n we also propose a cascade generating function that can approximate the structure of the cascade with very high accuracy .  ⁇ n it could help us identify patterns , trends , and anomalies within the cascades in near real - time .  ⁇ n it could aid spam filtering , since it can help us discover the signature of trends that become popular as compared to those which do not . '
b' we discuss the renormalization problems in relativistic quantum field theories .  ⁇ 
b' we present a study of the dynamical behaviour of a mixture of lennard - jones particles in a cubic box with random pinning .  ⁇ n we use a new method of analysing four - point correlation functions in real space , to obtain both a dynamic correlation length and the strength of dynamical correlations .  ⁇ n we find that the relaxation time increases strongly with random pinning , at fixed temperature , without any evidence of increased dynamical heterogeneity or co - operativity .  ⁇ n we also discuss a simple theoretical picture based on an inhomogeneous dynamical arrest , which is sufficient to explain these observations . '
b' we investigate the empirical access to unknown drift and diffusion coefficients of stochastic processes .  ⁇ 
b' the _ james webb space telescope _ ( _ jwst _ ) will provide new opportunities to study comets at moderate and large heliocentric distances , and at excellent spatial resolution for closer objects .  ⁇ n _ jwst _ will use the jpl horizons system ephemerides for pointing and tracking of comets with known orbital elements , while an observer may provide ephemerides for pointing and tracking of targets not in the jpl database .  ⁇ n _ jwst _ will use the jpl horizons system ephemerides for pointing and tracking of comets with known orbital elements , while an observer may provide peak - up operations for comets with known orbital elements .  ⁇ n _ jwst _ will address key decadal questions in planetary science , as well as astronomy and astrophysics , that are challenging to address with ground - based observations alone .  ⁇ n these questions pertain to the initial stages
b' we propose a novel swarm intelligence optimization algorithm to solve complex combinatorial optimization problems .  ⁇ n the proposed algorithm is inspired by the behavior of human groups and their ability to solve a very large variety of complex problems , even when the individuals may be characterized by cognitive limitations .  ⁇ 
b' the agile mission is a bridge between the compton gamma ray observatory ( cgro ) and the gamm
